how much does potato starch affect a cheese sauce recipe ? 
dangerous pathogens capable of growing in acidic environments
how do i cover up the white spots on my cast iron stove ? 
michelin three star restaurant; but if the chef is not there
without knife skills ,  how can i quickly and accurately dice vegetables ? 
what ' s the purpose of a bread box ? 
how to seperate peanut oil from roasted peanuts at home ? 
american equivalent for british chocolate terms
fan bake vs bake
regulation and balancing of readymade packed mayonnaise and other sauces
what kind of tea do you boil for 45minutes ? 
how long can batter sit before chemical leaveners lose their power ? 
can i re-freeze chicken soup after it has thawed ? 
ziploc vacuumed bags expand in sous vide
what can i use instead of corn syrup ? 
does soaking almonds have the same effect as blanching and removing the skins when making almond milk ? 
cake sinks in the middle when baking .  only happens when i make a coca-cola cake
which plastic wrap is okay for oven use ? 
can i dissolve sugar first before steeping tea ? 
is it safe to eat food that was heated in plastic wrap to the point the plastic wrap flamed ? 
flavor and chemical composition of thyme
what can i use as a manual hard cheese slicer ? 
are stone or metal grinding wheels better for flour ? 
do fava beans need to cook longer than other kinds of beans ? 
kneading bread after rising
extraordinary beef gravy ? 
how to heat up already baked french bread in oven to get a crispy crust
is there a difference in appearance between semi and unsweetened chocolate ? 
if salt dehydrates the meat ,  then why would brining make it more juicy as a whole ? 
how long after baking do american chewy cookies get their normal texture ? 
is cooking with fruit liqueur comparable to cooking with fruit juice ? 
suggestions for brie + bread + preserves
what is the correct consistency of a cream soup ? 
making tea - milk first or tea first
sea salt and mercury
cinnamon thickening
basic carrier sauce / syrup for different sweet flavors ? 
what is the  ' cleanest '  way to roast eggplants indoor ? 
cooking and storing rice for a whole week
dehydrating puree food
in industrially produced soup ,  how does each can contain equal parts of all ingredients ? 
how is microwave popcorn flavoured ? 
what can i do with under-ripe eggplant ? 
whiskey and water
wet cooked ham slices
beer battered onion rings -- what makes them look shiny ? 
determining a wok ' s material
is cloudy-looking used peanut oil safe ? 
to finely spray a thin layer of warm liquid coconut oil ? 
why do we  ' simmer '  fudge instead of  ' boiling '  it ? 
can i use a larger crockpot than the recipe calls for ? 
what part of the squid is edible ? 
how soon after baking can you refrigerate freshly made fruit pies ? 
i would like to make my own chicken stock ,  any suggestions ? 
substituting different types of eggs
can i double cook apple ?  when making ,  say ,  apple crumble ? 
how can i add a strong orange flavor to my dishes ? 
dangerous simmering - exploding liquid ?   ( cheesemaking ) 
what to do with cocoa pasta
why should i wrap a cake tin in newspaper ? 
what is a substitute for going to culinary school ?  is there ? 
what do i need to make pho at home ? 
what are the advantages of a lid on a barbeque ? 
how to know whether the oven ' s door has loosened and leaking out some energy or is as tight as it was when new ? 
why sweat but not brown ? 
can the broiler replicate a regular gas oven ? 
how to make a pie with no yolk ? 
what is the easiest way to remove chicken leg / drumstick tendons ? 
dried kidney beans for chili
homemade taffy turned out too thick and hard
how to conserve eatables in humid and moist environment ? 
can you make bearnaise with olive oil ? 
kosher alternative for blood sausage
cooking chicken meat with bones in soup is better than cooking chicken bones in soup ? 
can you use a convection oven to make a souffl ? 
how can i clean dark non-stick pots  ( e . g .  calphalon )  ? 
cold smoking in the tropics - condensation
how can i add a savory note to  ( or otherwise improve )  a sweet ,  cream based salad dressing ? 
how do companies find out how many calories are in their food ? 
substituting honey for sugar in bread
is free-range veal available in the us ? 
how to make meatloaf bond ? 
buying whetstones
pork left on low all day after cooking
is the cockchafer grub edible ,  and how best to prepare it ? 
anodized pans ?  cleaning ? 
keeping ice cream fresh for 12 hours while transporting
keeping rice paper spring rolls moist
how to make crystallized ginger powder
why is salt sometimes ingredient of otherwise sweet cookies ? 
calibrating a home gas oven
safe chicken liver ? 
how to preserve cotton candy
will dried buttermilk react with other ingredients in dry mix with oil ,  stored in fridge ? 
is it possible to cook semolina or rice with milk in the microwave ? 
pressure cooked stock out overnight ,  still safe ? 
do i need to thaw fish before steaming it ? 
how long can raw fish be kept if it has been thawed in the refrigerator ? 
safe to buy food baked in plastic containers:
best potato varieties to use for mashing
can i add fresh elderberries or rosehips to homemade kombucha ? 
why did my meringue deflate and go soft ? 
sous vide chicken was left out-safety question
initial start up of food freezer
unusual foods from asia  ( not for sensitive stomachs ) 
is there really such a thing as a muffin scoop ? 
making ice cream at home without a machine
help converting dry milk + milk in recipe
is there anything wrong with rubbing a stick of butter on the pan ? 
question about chiffon cake
making a sorbet by cooking or by pureeing the ingredients ? 
failed pan sauce didn ' t thicken and tasted far too much of wine
pan to bake a pound cake
substitute for margarine in graham cracker crust
how to scale up modernist potato puree ? 
substituting oil in baking ? 
freeze-drying fruit at home ? 
how do i make chai latte at home ? 
how can i make buttermilk ? 
can you boil the potatoes for mashed potatoes too long ? 
what do you look for to make sure that conch is fresh ? 
can you assemble lasagna one day ,  and then bake it about 24 hrs later ? 
white residue emerging while cooking bacon
how to boil sushi rice for yakimeshi ? 
old-fashioned candy / deep-fry thermometer - how shallow can i go ? 
how long is spam really good for ? 
what is braising ? 
what is the role of oil in gluten free baking ?   ( can i substitute applesauce for oil in gluten free recipes ?  ) 
what happens when i store coffee in the refrigerator ? 
creating a recipe for a glazed fruit pie - what starch to use ? 
lightening bread
converting teaspoon / tablespoon measurements to ml ? 
what is this asian dish made with boiled vegetables ?  
simulating orville ' s cracked pepper and salt popcorn
why should food be frozen quickly ? 
how do i recover from overheating my cast-iron skillet ? 
how can i make my pizza dough more workable ? 
what is the fastest way  /  highest temp you made duck confit ? 
are my dried moong dal beans bad ? 
why add salt to potato water ? 
how much should yeast rise ? 
how much fat does "low fat" cheese have ? 
spicy foods and weight loss
how do you serve a hot steak after letting it sit ? 
how do you use the gizmo for caf sua da ? 
canning hot peppers
what are "goes well with" recommendations based on ? 
is salt important to the texture of dough ? 
why would i add garlic to a recipe after onion with such a small time difference ? 
how can i make my dish less sour ? 
making airier icecream
does liver reheat well ? 
can i use my dehydrator to raise bread ? 
started crockpot meal on wrong temp .  for four hours  ( warm )  is it ruined ? 
kimchi versus pickles: sterilized containers ? 
what can i do to prevent the gaseous side effect of sunchokes ? 
how to store cooked  /  stir-fried egg noodle leftovers ? 
converting whole to chopped hazelnuts
what is a yeast cake ? 
three ingredient peanut butter cookies - how to improve texture
homemade beet pasta loses color when cooked
is there any trick to make a palindrome-cocktail ? 
why do you need to peel peaches to can them ? 
lost in translation: pluma ibrico
can i make crackling from cured ham skin ? 
difference between freezer bag and storage bag
what wines pair well with spicy ,  citrus chicken ? 
onion salad goes wet and bitter
how to add savor to a squash and grain mix ? 
shelf life of a caramel apple ? 
can the duration of the whistle determine if food inside a pressure cooker is cooked
can regular sugar be substituted for maple sugar ? 
can you caramelize onions without using fat ? 
how is the lamb meat made in lamb gyros ? 
is it okay to put baking powder in yorkshire pudding batter ? 
why do my egg whites separate after whipping ? 
creating a home "anti-griddle" ? 
what are the major menu differences between canadian and american thanksgiving ? 
what are different methods of preserving chillies ? 
can i sharpen a knife with sandpaper ? 
is it safe to throw frozen meat in marinade ? 
chinese crispy beef with minced beef instead of slice steak ? 
are there visual differences between regular and decaf coffee ? 
baking powder / leavener in the microwave
safety question for defrosting and refreezing chicken breasts
recommend decent ,  sturdy steamer basket ? 
what is the difference between devil ' s food and chocolate cake ? 
cooking chicken in cooker versus pan ? 
knife to cut dough
why brewed coffee in a pot needs a lid ? 
why are we not generally using egg in buckwheat crpe  ( or galette )  but only in wheat flour crpe ? 
brownies without egg
whats the cooking method called where you bury the raw food in hot charcoal ashes ? 
can a loose leaf tea basket be used for steeping / brewing coffee ? 
how should i use lime leaves when making thai green curry ? 
bringing water to boil with rice or alone and then add rice ? 
seasoning steamed vegetables  ( in particular potatoes ) : advisable ? 
are stainless steel frypans oven safe ? 
blind baking puff pastry
is it possible to have chocolate chunks in ice cream that aren ' t waxy ? 
how can i create a varied  ( or at least tasty )  menu for a 12 day hike whilst using as few ingredients as possible ? 
what ' s the science behind making german potato dumplings  ( kndel )  fluffy but not fall apart ? 
microscope for cooking
how to store miso
is there any way to enhance the heat without changing the taste in a hot sauce ? 
pie crust partially cooked
how do i know if a food or recipe can be made in a microwave oven ? 
how does pineapple react with water ? 
how can i rescue overproofed bread ? 
how to properly store a chinese new year cake and how long will it last ? 
how will the taste of black tea change when i infuse it with water colder than 90-100 degrees celsius ? 
all clad copper core - everything sticks ,  why ? 
chicken stock gelatinous
what is this green cake with plastic-y texture ,  found at an asian store ? 
baking with oven without bottom heating element
storage of cheese starter cultures
can you leave slow cooker on for 10 and a half hour i food takes 8hrs to cook
10 liter fermentation crock .  .  .  water getting sucked inside ,  advice needed
time vs .  temperature - what changes what ? 
keeping left-over pan sauces longer ? 
soppressata ,  prosciutto ,  and other meats; how is it safe ? 
red bean cream puffs timing and filling
how to prevent a vinegar taste when poaching eggs  ( using vinegared water ) 
does a lid on a pot safely "seal" soup ? 
why is salt sometimes added to straight coffee ? 
shortening to swiss buttercream
what quick thanksgiving treats can i make ? 
how can i susbtitute unseasoned rice vinegar for seasoned ? 
gummy residue from baking spray / oil
replacement for pasta that is natural and fairly low carb
how do i substitute skim milk for dry milk in a muffin recipe ? 
red copper cookware
egg in my bread
how to steam clams ? 
searing sous-vide with electric heat gun
3 types of fish ,  3 temperature / time per package
translating cooking terms between us  /  uk  /  au  /  ca  /  nz
how should i keep the vegetables from flying off the board when i cut them ? 
basic process for making lasagna
filling for stuffed chicken breast
new takes on recipe format
is there an inexpensive substitute for truffles ? 
can i brown beef for slow cooking the night before
would raw soy sauce marinated chicken be more salty when cooked the next day ? 
what can i cook for indian guests without trying to mimic indian cuisine ? 
are there any other gums that work in gluten-free baking besides xanthan and guar ? 
substituting garlic powder for garlic salt ? 
does adding brandy to whipped cream make it fall quicker ? 
pizza dough seasoning
prevent brioche buns from spreading during rise
could i use beer instead of / as well as water in my sourdough ? 
when making filled cupcakes ,  is it possible to bake a custard filling in it ? 
cheesecake in or next to waterbath
is there a definitive way to know if a tin can is lined with bpa ? 
how to better combine preserved eggs with strong ammonia smell with other foods ? 
how to cook fall-off-the-bone beef spare ribs in oven or on stove top ? 
why do asian savory recipes call for a few pinches of sugar ? 
how to clean a burnt cast iron pot ? 
to which internal temperature should i cook beef for rare / medium / well done ? 
why do my pastries come out flat when i use butter instead of margarine ? 
why did my french bread neither rise nor bake properly ? 
good breads for evening cooking ? 
how to clean stains from inside of vacuum flask ? 
what sushi-like dish consists of various fish in a light sauce ? 
is it okay to boil milk  ( making steel cut oats ) 
what is the difference between "mongolian grill" and "hibachi" ? 
what to do with mochi .  .  . this version is white ,  hard and puck-like in shape ? 
cookware and methods for large quantities of rice
stainless steel vs ceramic enamel microwave ovens
how to thaw soup without noodles going mushy
why didn ' t the toppings on my pizza stick to the dough ? 
why is it necessary for turkish coffee to start brewing with cold water ? 
make lemon balm tea - recommended method
is there a significant difference between pizza ovens and conventional ovens with pizza functionality ? 
microwaving chicken before frying
what is the foam that comes out when making clarified butter ? 
how to cook common bean in mess tin in campfire during hikers camp  ?  possible ? 
how long to stir-fry vegetables to retain most nutrients ? 
what should i look for in a good ,  multi-purpose chef ' s knife ? 
is dextrose the same as atomized glucose powder ? 
shaking method for garlic
why is my bread dough sticky ? 
how to debone oxtail ? 
stainless vs enameled porcelain grates ? 
do sweet dishes taste sweeter when hot or when it gets cold ? 
can i leave out raw already-formed cookies for close to an hour while i wait for the oven to be available ? 
what to look for when purchasing a blender ? 
how do i clean my cast iron grill pan ? 
how would you use a lot of lemons ? 
can i make this bread recipe gluten free ? 
how to open a can of olive oil ? 
food stored in a warm freezer
how to buy a molcajete and / or paellera
how to store curry leaves for many days ? 
dishwasher safe bakeware ? 
should i polish a cast iron pan for use on a glass cooktop ? 
removing spiciness from a dish
how do store bought bread keep so soft ? 
whats the simplest possible spicy thai curry ? 
is it possible to make yoghurt at home with dairy-free milks  ( soy ,  coconut ,  etc )  ? 
how to store cheesecake for long-term ? 
tool / shears for cutting the backbone out of turkey
what effect do different slash patterns have on bread oven spring ? 
what is the top layer of separated turkey gravy called ? 
should pickle slices be above or below the hamburger
lots of water coming out of chicken breasts when cooking in pan .  why ? 
how does the choice of vegetable ratio and processing steps influence the taste of mirepoix ? 
what ' s the functional different between a skillet and a saute pan ? 
are there different styles of tahini ? 
pre-frosting cake with jelly
can i replace sugar with honey in tea ? 
recipe calls for aleppo peppers ,  i need the right substitution amounts for cayenne and paprika
is it safe to use oil at its smoking point ? 
raw pork and raw chicken touching each other
when is it necessary to cover food with aluminum foil during baking / roasting ? 
after refrigerating cookie dough overnight ,  should i leave my dough at room temperature or go straight to the oven ? 
complementary taste to elderberry ice cream ? 
defrosting fish without bag
is white cabbage that has turned rose-colored still safe to eat ? 
the sugar content of raw corn on the vs cooked corn on the cob
can i bake pine nuts ? 
should i purchase and use a grease or oil splash screen ? 
soy sauce storage container
accidently reduced salt in pickling recipe - are these pickles still safe ? 
what is an alternative for baking powder ? 
what went wrong with my cookie dough ? 
can an angel food cake recipe be converted to cupcakes ? 
small cakes / muffins not rising correctly
doughnuts preseratives
how can i fix a mole sauce with excessive cinnamon ? 
can silicone moulds be used for making cupcakes in electric tandoor
how can i stop chocolate chips sinking to the bottom when i make cakes ? 
is my pork safe to eat after 3 hours sitting out ?  ? 
better to marinate in vacuum ? 
can i reuse an alginate bath for reverse spherification ? 
what are the differences between a dutch oven and ceramic casserole ? 
japanese knives for someone who can ' t sharpen freehand ? 
green lettuce water ? 
how long to bake lasagne at lower temerature ? 
pieces of wood in cinnamon
in what proportion should the given ingredients be combined to form a cookie ? 
will storing a mix of vermouths alter their taste ? 
gluten free challah not keeping shape
pita bread crust too hard
gluten-free alternatives to beurre manie / roux for thickening sauce ? 
how much could i safely heat a content-less cast-iron pan ? 
how much brown sugar should i substitute for white sugar ? 
making caramel: how the ingredients effect the outcome ? 
why is there no cavity in the whole chicken i just bought ? 
can i use distilled white vinegar instead of white wine vinegar when making my own dressing for gifts ? 
can i use a dark cocoa candy bar in place of bakers chocolate ? 
techniques to get a nice golden-brown crust on bread
how can i keep saffron fresh for longer ? 
where can i buy online spices ,  sauces ,  extracts ,  etc .  with international shipping ? 
confirming fried chicken is completely cooked
chicken smells like eggs
why does my canned enchilada sauce smell and taste like dog food ? 
what is yellow rock sugar ,  for pho ? 
how can i use these peaches in a box cake mix ? 
what kind of homemade sandwich bread or wrap lasts longest ? 
reducing canned pumpkin  ( as per america ' s test kitchen ) 
how long do refrigerator pickles keep ? 
should boiled legumes cool before processing ? 
are my cookies cooked ? 
how to bake a veiny cake ? 
how to store homemade pasta
how does one begin to create salsa ? 
how can i improve the 2:1:1 margarita recipe ? 
what are bagel chips ? 
can any custard be made into a frozen custard ? 
pan for induction heating
hot sauce: margarine versus butter
does shape affect pasteurization time when cooking sous vide ? 
how to dry a fish for grill
how do i prevent food from sticking to a standard  ( non-coated )  pan ? 
what do you need for chinese style hotpot at home ? 
apple cider is too sweet for gravy
how to fix the protein content of my minestrone ? 
how many times can i use a salt block ? 
what temperature and time should i use for a cupcake recipe ? 
why is my bread not mixing and cooking properly
are spuntini a form of appetizers ? 
is my blue glazed crock safe to make wine vinegar in ? 
other wagyu cuts beyond steaks
what is the "idea" behind thawing out meat ? 
how long can you store used cooking oil
how do i hold my knife to prevent blisters when chopping ? 
is turkish coffee grinding finer than espresso grinding ? 
how do i steep mint for mint ice cream ? 
what is the optimal method for making box macaroni and cheese ? 
can i use the juice from pickles to make bread ? 
vegan alternative to mozzarella
freshly ground beef vs .  store bought
why blanch handcut fries ? 
corn starch vs potato starch
steel pan non-stick improvement by polishing
how to cream when there is more sugar than butter in the recipe ? 
will chopping hard destroy my new knives ? 
is indian food more expensive to prepare than chinese food ? 
how does irradiated beef spoil ? 
how can i make home-made veggie burgers stay together so i can grill them ? 
pemmican -- how was it prepared without metal tools ? 
chocolate: difference between "cocoa mass" and "cacao" ? 
what is this "egyptian coffee" ? 
preventing carbon steel seasoning from flaking off
what is the orange coloured cream inside mcaloo tikki called and what are its ingredients ? 
what causes mold to grow on frozen meats ? 
do lamb kidneys require their cores to be removed and what is the easiest way to remove them ? 
what does "buttermilk" mean in an american pancake recipe ? 
how to loosen peanut butter in a sauce
what are safe ,  effective practices for smoking salmon in a commercial smoker ? 
how do i find a recipe for the new years treat of kozenach ? 
lifetime of french press filter
how do i make a frappuccino less watery ? 
techniques for making sourdough starter in cold / altitude
why would a blended salad dressing change its color ? 
when can i not substitute romano for parmesan ? 
is there a way to make jam or chutney without gelatin  /  pectin ? 
food safety issues related to eating raw frozen vegetables
why do most sandwich makers have a triangular shape ? 
why would rasagullas break while cooking ? 
does fresh garlic have any specialized uses ? 
grilling burgers: flip once ,  or keep flipping ? 
what is the correct procedure for cooling and reheating leftovers ? 
does the philips air-fryer work as well as a standard deep-fryer ? 
how can i make this wine and bacon sauce into a thick liquid ? 
can i heat and then cool shiitake mushrooms ,  and eat cold one day later ? 
are dark walnuts ok to eat ? 
is beer can chicken safe ? 
why do vegetables cooked with freshly ground spices taste better than those cooked with powdered spices available in the market ? 
what ' s the trick to wrapping tightly in plastic wrap ? 
ways to learn to season food correctly ? 
how are thin slice beef rolls for hot-pot prepared in restaurants ? 
culinary uses for bolted lettuce ? 
wishy-washy caff frapp
what are the basics and options of brining meat ,  for example chicken ? 
substitute instant coffee for brewed black coffee
does freezing food extend its expiration date ? 
what can i use a tempered glass pot for ? 
removing the onion layers in an intact way without cooking them
how long does it take for milk to spoil unrefrigerated ? 
water bath processing for jam
turkish coffee foam
what is the difference between a prawn and a shrimp ? 
why does cooking mushrooms longer alter the taste so much ? 
how do i know when fish cooked in parchment or salt is done ? 
soy sauce substitute
how long will previously-frozen vacuum-packed chicken last in the fridge ? 
how to make big ,  fluffy "mexican-style" flour tortillas  ( without using any special machinery )  ? 
can you flamb in any skillet ? 
cake in homemade chocolates
how can i measure the performance of my stovetop pots and pans ? 
honeycomb in honey - how long does it last ? 
cooked whole chicken has congealed blood around joints and bones ,  should i worry ? 
can pasta salad be preserved long-term ? 
why does prepackaged deli meat taste better when you take each slice and "fluff" it ? 
which part of a cow does uk "frying steak" come from ? 
how long can vegetable-based foods be stored at room temperature ? 
do professional cooks use measuring cups and spoons ? 
how much is a "scoop" of vanilla sugar ? 
fermenting pickles - sun or shade ? 
microwave oven equipment
how to store a christmas pudding to make it drier ? 
how can i save my curry - it ' s way too oily ! 
how does removing the germ of garlic help with breath / digestion ? 
harshuf -- artichoke stalks
practical home stone grinding
what is a proper manhattan ? 
how can i stop roast beef drying out ? 
how to taste hamburgers for seasoning ? 
tall cupcakes that have height to them
what do you have for breakfast during camping
making a 2 ramekin recipe into an 8 ramekin recipe: do i change the cooking time ? 
fruit flavour profile
can i pre-cook chicken in a sous vide bath while cooking something else ? 
why is the chicken in indian food so tender ? 
how do i reheat a casserole in the microwave ? 
preparing minced garlic the night before using them
how to dethaw multiple pieces of steak when not planning to use them all at once
salad onions -- any way to make them sweet but not soft ? 
untwisting stuck salt shaker
any health risk eating cold refrigerated pizza ? 
what causes curding in this case: heating milk with large quantities of sugar
difference between pan-frying and searing
does anyone know the name of this mexican breakfast  /  brunch dish ? 
cookies are too sweet
what "is" barbeque or "bbq" ? 
should brussel sprouts ever taste chemically ? 
is it possible to make onion bhajis without a deep fryer ? 
is it possible to keep battered deep-fried  ( pork )  crunchy ? 
what grains  ( and in what ratios )  go into a nine-grain flour ? 
food processor for pizza dough
is it feasible to freeze a whole pig ? 
proper olive oil tasting technique
alternative for shake and bake ? 
how hot does popcorn need to be before it pops ? 
fresh or dried garlic
how can i smoke a large chicken on an outdoor grill and still keep the skin edible ? 
onion puree thickness
when should i add melted chocolate to reduced sugar meringue ? 
what is the difference between kosher salt and unprocessed sea salt ? 
turkish delight is "grainy"
getting biscuit mix to rise .  .  . again
cooking pasta in a pressure cooker
baking on a rocket stove
why is bacon commonly baked in a cold oven ? 
buying a "blender" that can pure a potato
is it unwise to store oils etc above gas stove / oven ? 
what can i do with lots of plain sweetened yogurt ? 
spanish rice ran out of liquid and is getting sticky
how do i know if my salmon fish is cooked properly ? 
calories in bean liquid ? 
how to apply transglutaminase brand "saprona tg f"
why should  ( or shouldn ' t )  we wash rice before cooking ? 
cook burger on stove - turns gray
how can i roast hominy while minimizing the popping ? 
temperature-stable spices
red beans and rice with salt pork
crackling sound and a thin layer of something on the surface before water boils
what are other techniques are used to tenderize steaks apart from using a meat mallet ? 
is there any truth to the idea that you shouldn ' t multiply seasonings when multiplying a recipe ? 
does anthocyanin still exist once the purple beans have changed to green during cooking ? 
to make gluten free pancakes ,  can i just substitute regular flour with gluten free flour ? 
tips for patriotic vanilla ice cream
i failed to make yogurt ,  what have i made ? 
which containers should i use for souffles ? 
what would be good preservatives for chili to give it a longer shelf life ? 
can panettone paper molds be used for other things ? 
what are the benefits of using a dedicated rice cooker ,  rather than just cooking rice in a pot ? 
how to remove soil smell from beetroots ? 
how to preserve homemade fresh cream for about a week in a freezer ? 
what are the functions of vinegar in cooking ? 
how to tenderize bell pepper skin  /  peel
homemade chocolate turns crumbly
can a failed cupcake be incorpated into a new cupcake ? 
does salt do anything more for baked products than just add flavor ? 
can i use maida atta instead of plain flour for breading ? 
what are some ways to reduce the bitterness of chicory ? 
when curing sausage ,  which is more important temperature or humidity ? 
are sharkfin melon shoots really edible ? 
pre-cooking steak in a bag ,  any suggestions ? 
how do you coat almonds in wasabi and keep it spicy and crunchy ?   ( my wasabi paradox ) 
recipes - adding up calories and nutritional info ? 
using the bone from a spiral cut ham
dehydration in fridge vs outdoor
what does buttermilk do to fried shrimp batter ? 
3d meat cuts references ? 
how do i remove bitter flavor from lime rind in soup ? 
oil for cooking eggs
chicken without all that fat ? 
how do you remove the stickiness from reusable plastic container or lid ? 
how long should chia seeds soak ? 
remove tannins from tea without removing caffeine
can i make a pot roast in a foil roasting pan with lid ? 
how to store bread dough in the fridge for proofing ? 
i left stock out to cool overnight .  is it safe to use ? 
can i use dried dates instead of fresh ones for baking a cake ?  the dates should build the base of the cake
what determines total heat when using chilis ?  quantity  intensity ? 
papadum sauces - making my own
are ripe meyer lemons supposed to be soft ? 
how to chill a compote ? 
how to preserve coated popcorn ? 
can the amount of salt in the recipe be right ? 
nutrition value: cold or warm milk ? 
caramel with sugar granules
can an enameled dutch oven be used for stir frying ? 
how to ration salt in small quantities ? 
is there any advantage of applying dry rub overnight for baby back ribs for smoking ? 
can i make pancakes with waffle mix ? 
office  ( loose leaf )  tea solution
why use yeast instead of baking powder ? 
recommendations for leak proof containers ? 
when i make apple juice ,  what ' s in the foam on top ? 
chili powder substitutions
can i tenderize conch meat with baking soda
should i skin the common sole for pan ? 
how to adjust for humidity when making rice ? 
minimum amount of oil that should be used in deep fryer
what are purple small brinjals called in english ? 
shelf-stable "frosting" for a savory "gingerbread" house ? 
serving creme brulee to a large group of people
when can artificial vanilla extract be used in place of real vanilla extract ? 
coffee soluability / concentration
murgh shahi korma
what are the costs to consider when making jam ? 
how do i finely process / puree a large amount of chillies ? 
pasteurized milk that has gone sour
storing hard crusted bread
whipped cream out of egg whites
how should i cook a ham bone for chili ? 
best cut of meat to pair with gorgonzola ? 
is the second rise step neccesary for no-knead bread ? 
does it make any sense to grate the raddish on a grater without peeling its skin ? 
can you extend the life of frying oil with lettuce ? 
rice with worm and possibly their eggs
can somebody identify this tea ? 
red apples safety
fried capers and caper alternatives
removing oil bubbles from bolognese sauce
substituting cayenne for red pepper flakes
i would like to try grilling fruit - any suggestions ? 
is cheesecake a cake or a pie ? 
cooking pastry for bottom of pie using cold filling
how can i make these cookies less sweet without ruining the texture ? 
how much coffee to use for coffee ice cream ? 
is there a downside to tenderizing meat ? 
can you get food poisoning from calamari rings ? 
how are oil types differant ? 
cleaning habanero oils off of tools
is there an alternative to spreading flour when rolling the dough ? 
how much cream should i make for my mini oreo cream pies ? 
uncovered raw meat or milk in fridge
how to make soft gulab jamuns ? 
microwave friendly utensils ,  what qualifies as
is it ok to use parchment paper when baking cream puffs
how to cook eye of round roast ? 
is "angostura"  ( as in bitters )  a flavor ? 
is it possible to make yogurt and cheese from spoiled milk ? 
 ' home mixed '  wholewheat flour
can you reuse marinade used with raw chicken ? 
how to cut beef tenderloin into filet mignon
why did my peanut butter sauce split ? 
graham cracker crust too salty for cheesecake
on an electric stove ,  does the smaller burner produce fewer btus than the larger burner ? 
how much white chocolate should i use in a white chocolate cake ? 
how to successfully make candied ginger ? 
chocolate ganache
does aged onion / garlic turn green when frying ? 
how long can savory cream cheese dishes last ? 
pork sausage patties in a crockpot overnight
garlic overflow  why won ' t my olive oil stay in its jug ? 
why does bacon curl ? 
why is no juice left after cooking lamb or beef joint in a pan ? 
should i use dried or fresh chilli / ginger in chai tea ? 
why doesn ' t my quick bread rise properly when substituting splenda for sugar ? 
is food with hair in it  ( or food which had hair in it )  safe to eat ? 
can i replace milk with eggs in recipes ? 
which mode for baking cake in microwave ? 
for a baking beginner ,  what cake icing you recommend ? 
substituting white wine vinegar with red wine vinegar
do i need a juicer ? 
why isn ' t my homemade pepperoni orange ? 
substituting table salt for kosher salt when brining chicken
how concentrated can i brew iced tea ? 
is it ok to use plastic containers to bake in an electric oven ? 
how to prevent my roux from sticking to the bottom of the pan ? 
how can i clean frozen  ( raw )  chicken juice out of my freezer ? 
my gravy turned to jello overnight .  how can i make it last for leftovers ? 
differences between haddock versus cod
how should i substitute jalapeo peppers for fresh green cayenne peppers ? 
refrigerated lunchboxes turn soggy
is it okay to salt beef before or while cooking it ? 
uneven baking in a convection microwave oven
when should garlic be added to the pan to get maximum pungency ? 
soya sauce .  are they different for variety of dishes ? 
necessary to empty my pellet grill auger when i ' m done grilling ? 
what is the history of souvlaki and is there any benefit in cooking meat on a skewer ? 
what do you call people that eat fish but not meat ? 
i want to know if beet juice without the beets is available for making pickled eggs
could it be bad black olive that i ' ve eaten ? 
how to add flavour coating to gelatine or starch capsules ? 
how to tell if shrimp is already cooked and what to do with it ? 
coconut water from white vs brown coconuts
how do i ripen unripe oranges and grapefruits ? 
low tannin dry red wine ,  good for sauces and stews ? 
how do i adjust cooking time when temperature may be off by 5-10c ? 
there a difference between chinese parsley and cilantro
is it safe to consume packed tea leaves after their expiry ? 
why doesn ' t my caramel sauce thicken ? 
what is the advantage of using kosher salt
why did my basting sauce flop ? 
storing deep fryer oil
cooling pasturized milk
is it safe to smoke with oak treated for oak wilt ? 
what ' s the best way to peel an onion ? 
what happens if bread is made with sparkling water ? 
while making pepper oil with dry crushed red pepper ,  do i need to sterilize the jars to store for up to 6 months ? 
skin on black bean soup
should i throw moldy strawberries away ? 
can i freeze roux ? 
can i use cream of tartar in place of tataric acid
which kind of basil should i use ? 
mushy-firm pasta in soup  .  .  .  .  .  help ? 
silicone utensils are changing the taste of my egg whites
is pasteurized milk safe to drink ? 
are the jacques ppin videos worth it for a novice ? 
oatmeal & lactose intolerance
vanilla extract and vanilla powder
what type of flour should i feed my starter with ? 
which foods are high in umami ? 
is there a difference between freezing meat at 26f and 0f ? 
what is the purpose of making iskiate from chia seeds ? 
how does the shape of an espresso cup affect the flavor ? 
what is the best way to clean mussels ? 
is it safe to eat sprouted onions ? 
can dry ice in a liquid poison you ? 
100% whole wheat sourdough bread method
how to thaw a bottle of beer that got frozen accidentally without exploding the bottle
what ' s the best way to stack a three-tiered wedding cake that is not covered in fondant / marzipan ? 
enameled cast iron vs stainless steel for acids
pressure cooking green beens
baking chicken in oven ,  but keeping it moist
home made rice milk that ' s not slimy or chalky ? 
how to recover jam that is too liquid ? 
bagels: alternative to cornmeal on the baking sheet ? 
can i bake bread in pieces ? 
how to create kebabs that taste greek
precautions making carpaccio
hand operated can sealer
creaming methd for cookies .  help ? 
how long can pie batter stay in the refrigerator ? 
corned beef in a slow cooker ? 
is smell a bad way of determining whether meat is still good ? 
sushi in lunch box ?  sushi rice preservation
how to boil away water from a sauce without it splashing ? 
if salt loses its flavor ,  how can you season it ? 
how can i stop my eggs from cooking when i make lemon / lime curd ? 
food safety with broken glass in dried tomatoes
what ' s the intrinsic advantage of using a dutch oven ? 
what cookbooks do you always come back to ? 
do flavors remain on an enameled skillet ? 
what are the consequences of infusing a tea bag longer than recommended ? 
why did james bond heat up the knife for his foie gras ? 
are cooking show minutes really minutes ? 
peanut butter - store bought texture at home
what material wok did i get while thrifting today ? 
can you eat lambs hooves ? 
how to make coconut / chili sauce  ( based on photos ) 
how to cook the food such that no acrylamide is formed ? 
are there cheeses with less saturated fat ? 
why can food be left out to cool  ( 140f to 40f in < 6h )  but not to defrost ? 
why did my shrimp bisque turn out so broth like ? 
is there such a thing as pumpernickel flour ? 
commercial bakery to provide dough
dehydrator temperatures
what is the origin of fried potato ? 
how to measure a cup of "solid" ingredient ? 
how can you keep a stack of swedish pancakes fresh ? 
how can i get good spherification results with alcohol ? 
duck curry with pineapple pieces
why has the meat turned out to be hard like rubber ? 
what characteristics should a bread peel have ? 
why does store-bought peanut butter in a jar have so much more oil than fresh ground ? 
black coalish thing in orange
what is special about pierogi dough ? 
what does it mean when chia seeds are bitter ? 
when reducing ,  why do you simmer instead of boil ? 
can i substitute a beef round rump roast for brisket ? 
any suggestions for cracking "black walnuts" ? 
will cooking a beef topside joint on a very low heat overnight make it dry ? 
preventing heavy top layer of cake from crushing cream layer
what to do with broccoli stalk ? 
what qualifies to be an "all purpose flour" ? 
how to get falafel to hold together when pan-frying ? 
mixing baking ingredients separately
baking powder substitutes
when is an avocado considered bad ? 
uncooked pot roast
using somthing besides onion in recipies
how to add flavor to potato soup  ( using minimally processed ingredients )  ? 
how to make homemade pinto beans taste like canned refried beans ? 
how can i keep meringue pie-topping from falling ? 
how to prevent a baker ' s chocolate mixture from resolidifying so that it can be used in beverages ? 
how to stick oreo biscuits together to make a tower ? 
triple batch multipliers
why using both baking powder and sodium bicarbonate ? 
will bitter cucumbers ruin gazpacho ? 
baking pizza without an oven
how can i make nutritional yeast ? 
how can i adjust my recipe for touffe to prevent the addition of okra to it from making the dish too gummy ? 
what are the  ( most common )  different ways to thicken sauces and gravies ? 
can i replace pine nuts with other nuts in a pesto sauce recipe ? 
i ' m baking an acorn squash .  how long should i bake it for ? 
can i bake bread with long-life milk ? 
why do so many dessert / biscuit recipes have salt in them ? 
where can i find the apron / towel worn by the america ' s test kitchen staff ? 
is there a difference between a slow cooker and a crock pot ? 
why does my olive oil smoke / burn when i fry with it ? 
why would heating left-overs in a ring heat them more evenly ? 
how do i preserve my mushroom stuffing for freezing ? 
flaw in stainless steel
homemade hot sauce- shelf life ?  refrigeration ? 
does frying a lot of oil out of twice-cooked pork leave it with much less fat ? 
how do you separate the skin from pork ? 
how to brown ground beef so it comes out uniform and not chunky ? 
what can i use in place of sherry in a recipe with king prawns ,  garlic and paprika ? 
how to get my croissant flakier and bigger ?  is it possible to get a hollow inside ? 
why are my dumplings made of evil ? 
how do i get rid of plastic smell in rice  /  pasta ? 
how do you make welch ' s fruit snacks ? 
what is the name of this style of knife ? 
quinoa in a rice cooker ? 
making cheese sauce
what is the difference between white and pink ginger ? 
warming refrigerated butter at a table in a restaurant
how can you change the environmental factors to change the proportions of sourdough microbiological cultures ? 
can chicken not completely cooked then cooled be fully cooked later ? 
what difference does it make if i substitute low-fat milk for water in bread recipes ? 
what makes a good vessel for storing sourdough starter ? 
cooking steak on the grill
how to deal with "no precooking required" lasagne sheets ? 
how do you decide what temperature to bake at ? 
is there a way to experience pepper ' s endorphins effects without the burning sensation ? 
how much is a knob of butter ? 
heating meat in a microwave
create hot "sauce" from capsaicin extract
golden syrup best before date
why is my cake crumbly ? 
how to change the texture on dulce de leche ? 
how can huge bubbles in pizza crust be prevented ? 
brining multiple chickens
how can i choose good avocados at the supermarket ? 
why do most belly pork recipes recommend cooking the pork at a high temperature at the beginning of cooking ? 
what kind of meat is used in cheese steak ? 
 ' espresso '  maker - base turned dark ,  is it bad ? 
reason ( s )  for not making stock with oily fish  ( salmon )  ? 
using italian bread for french toast ? 
cracked mexican / spanish style rice
slow cooked lamb
what is the name  ( in chinese )  of the utensil that is used to prick lots of tiny holes in pork skin to make it very crispy ? 
induction range vs gas
should i separate grape skins when making jam ? 
can you safely can homemade caramel / butterscotch syrup ? 
what are the pros and cons of storing bread in various locations ? 
create my own high-gluten flour by mixing vital wheat gluten and bread / ap flour ? 
troubles with quinoa consistency
how careful do you have to be with adding flour for kneading ? 
what juices to use in cake ? 
keeping ripe pears for canning later
bread dough doesn ' t keep its shape
non plastic / glass microwavable plates
what is more difficult to make: beer or wine ? 
can i make a good pizza in a home portable oven ? 
why are salt and pepper the "classic" dinner table seasoning ? 
what is the us equivalent of golden syrup  ( uk )  ? 
technology improvements of microwave ovens for thawing and reheating
removing turmeric colour from mortar and pestle
julia child - mastering the art of french cooking - ok for kosher ? 
hot vs cold chinese culinary standards
how do i impart the flavor of mint to a tomato sauce ? 
how can i prevent pastry becoming soggy when it has a filling and is stored overnight ? 
is it possible to prepare store bought corn tortillas so they don ' t fall apart ? 
what are the official names for slicing an onion from pole-to-pole or cross-pole ? 
will vacuum sealing an open bottle of wine make it like it was never opened ? 
do bouillon cubes / powder go bad ? 
when to add diced vegetables when cooking rice
impastata ricotta for cannoli
the difference between suet and tallow ? 
overheated stainless steel stock pot
kneading and rolling fondant icing without air bubbles
why don ' t my muffins rise and develop tops properly ? 
how do i  maintain a portable induction cooker ? 
why are there no pete reusable cups ? 
is it possible to make pan roasted garbanzo beans creamy in the center ? 
what makes fleur de sel different from regular salt ? 
is there a difference between green and spring onions ? 
how to substitute chicken broth in a vegetarian soup ? 
how to tell when a turkey burger is fully cooked ? 
skin oranges 24-h in advance ? 
choux pastry ,  keep mixing while waiting for the roux to cool ? 
how to travel with a cake overseas ? 
when is it better to fry with oil and when is it better to fry with butter ? 
i bite my nails .  how can i keep proper hygiene in the kitchen ? 
how to properly saut mushrooms so that they don ' t release water ? 
fixing a beef broth with too much celery seed
how to get spongy slightly chewy pancakes ? 
incorporating capsicum oil into a chicken breading
how can i avoid my knife from "dragging" across my unbaked bread when making slashes to let steam escape while baking ? 
how long does fresh parsley keep in the fridge ? 
how do i cook food in this square stone oven ? 
what are some savory banana applications ? 
in what kind of recipes can i substitute stock for water ? 
why does swiss cheese have holes ? 
when can i use coconut oil as a substitution for other fats ? 
can i make pasta with quinoa flour ? 
do the improvements touted by the zpm nocturn  ( pid-controlled espresso machine )  sound sensible ? 
is there any reason not to keep fruits inside nalewka for too long ? 
how long can you store the bones of a chicken in the refrigerator ? 
how can i sharpen my peeler ? 
how do i adjust cooking time for dense fruitcake in smaller pans
do black metal vessels cook food more quickly than normal steel ? 
how do i use a french press to make coffee ? 
how do i make candy apples not sticky ? 
gumbo base tastes burnt ,  but the final product does not
what can i use as a replacement for cumin ? 
how do you determine whether a chocolate is sweet or semisweet ? 
how do i feed a sourdough starter ? 
does sugar give moisture ? 
sauce in a sealed jar smells off ,  has it gone bad ? 
can i prepare and eat dried oyster mushrooms that are four year old ? 
what size are small ,  medium and large tomatoes ? 
is it possible to make corn tortillas at home without a press ? 
meat juices can they be saved for recooking meat ? 
any tips for ways to cook chicken breast for recipes that call for shredded chicken ? 
is there any alcohol remaining in beer-stewed chicken ? 
how can one determine if a potato is suitable for french fries ? 
best way to impart rum flavor in caramel candies ? 
how can i remove salt from a saline infused pork sirloin roast ? 
honey-glazed gammon  ( ham )  - what to serve with it ? 
is acid required when pressure canning ? 
pork sausage - difference in food guidelines
why is my masa mushy ? 
how to thicken marinara sauce ? 
air fryer effect on vegetables ? 
what makes for good olive oil ? 
is there anything special to know before using powdered vanilla ? 
substitutions for 11x18 pan ? 
veloute consistency after being refrigereted
why is my spanish rice chewy ? 
chicken breast sous vide: time in fridge matters ? 
pudding isn ' t setting ? 
5 day marinated chicken breast
carbonation diffuser versus shaking
cheesier cheese sauce ? 
use of sour milk for bread making - how long after the expiration date is it safe ? 
why wouldn ' t you strain hamburger grease after cooking ? 
is there a significant difference in flavour between real mirin and mirin-like products ? 
egg substitution in indian meatball recipe
preparation of gravlax versus lox
cezve doesn ' t leak with cold water in it ,  leaks after heating
how to adjust an oven to accommodate two items with different cook times and temperatures ? 
can i use mascarpone as a substitute for cream cheese ? 
how much dry ground ginger do i substitute for fresh grated ginger ? 
does it make a noticeable difference if i don ' t prepare the turkish coffee in a turkish coffee pot ? 
semolina substitute
will storing blue cheese with other cheeses make them mold faster ? 
baking or cooking - why orange and not other sweet citrus fruit ? 
ginger vs ginger root
filter out sand from amaranth and teff
which average weight % of the banana is edible ?  i . e .  which % of the banana is not peel ? 
is there an application for soft cheese rinds ? 
why is my green tea foaming too ? 
brownie questions
does sugar go bad ? 
what kind of meat to use for wiener schnitzel ? 
how do you clean a cast iron skillet ? 
what are good ingredients to put into a scrapple soup stock ? 
coffee brewing methods - scientific analysis ? 
using fat as a preservative , 
can chicken stock be used as the basis of a savoury loaf ? 
what is the proper way to maintain a can opener ? 
what is the proper smell of basa ? 
what causes the sugar to turn grainy after i have cooked it for a glaze or cooking it with butter for carmelizing ? 
jam stored in hot temperatures
why does my chicken breast become so dry ? 
should i delay adding barley when making vegetable barley soup ? 
mastrad orka pancake spatula
mason jar stuck inside another
unsightly chicken soup
storing oil coated and unrefrigerated egg
what can i do with bhut jolokia ' s ? 
how to prevent olive oil container from getting oily outside ? 
how can i prepare dried minced garlic ? 
why are there caraway seeds in rye bread ? 
ginger starting to sprout - can i still use it ? 
hard boiled eggs outside the fridge
why would a portable barbecue warn against using pots on the grill ? 
are chestnut mushrooms and baby portabella mushrooms the same thing ? 
adding cold water during cooking of beans and cooking time
any reason i can ' t use popover batter to make one huge popover without separating into little cups ? 
will storing salted steak overnight ruin the meat ? 
what is the quickest way to defrost a vegetable curry without a microwave ? 
how do i carve a 2d betty boop cake ? 
why are avocados so expensive ? 
what is the puffy bread shown in chitty chitty bang bang ? 
azuki bean substitute for anpan
what happens if i use my sourdough starter too soon ? 
is unrefrigerated butter safe ? 
how do thai people make peanut sauce ? 
constructing your own oil / water sprayer
cooking defrosted then rechilled beef in a slow cooker
how to to prepare red deer haunch without using high temperature ,  so that its not dry ? 
homemade corn tortillas: how to get the back side cooked the same as the face ? 
where can you buy real liver  ( pref .  calf ' s liver )  in the western us ? 
can i refreeze gravlax made from previously frozen salmon
what ' s in a  ' paella '  ? 
what is the right temperature for deep-frying ? 
can i leave a cake  /  cupcakes frosted with cream cheese frosting out on the counter ? 
what would be good substitute for thyme and oregano in chili
why use onions in cooking ? 
leaving the ladle in the soup considered harmful ? 
meaning of the term  ' tack '  in bread making ? 
why is herbal tea brewed at boiling temperature ? 
cheese sent via mail
freezer temperature
bottling cream-based salad dressing .  preservative advice ? 
does microwaving destroy nutrients in food ? 
whats the best way to bottle home made condiments and spice rubs ? 
can any harm come of eating watermelon seeds ? 
best vegan substitute for egg wash
what are the pros and cons of various woods used in wooden utensils ? 
the ultimate chapati
how can i get hash browns to bind without using egg ? 
does soaking fries in vinegar before blanching work better than blanching in vinegar water ? 
how risky is it to eat raw flour ,  as in uncooked dough ? 
does adding salt when soaking dry beans toughen or soften the skin of the bean ? 
what factors lead to rich crema on espresso ? 
can i make gluten free crepes ? 
dehydrating in a convection oven
what ' s the most effective way to mix a jar of natural peanut butter ? 
can you make strawberry extract at home ? 
are garlic butter and garlic oil interchangeable ? 
how do you know that the cast iron seasoning does not leach into your food ? 
standardized symbols for marking food allergies  /  warnings ? 
does a colder refrigerator keep things fresh longer ? 
beer instead of seltzer in tempura ? 
is it normal to see flames inside my self-cleaning oven ? 
what should i know about the peels of raw fruit and vegetables ? 
what is a liqueur ? 
how to use a microwave oven ' s grill mode
what happens to pasta dough when it is run multiple times through the machine ? 
how to re-fold paper cupcake liners ? 
how do i get crispy but thin bread crust ? 
is there a technique to freeze gnocchi so they maintain their consistency ? 
is regular unsweetened cocoa powder safe uncooked ? 
barbecue on wood fire
pulled pork substitute- how do i do it ? 
how long will sous vide food keep ? 
can texture affect taste ? 
how can i know whether a potato is too old ? 
gloves for newbies pulling sugar ? 
can i make meatloaf with soy burger meat ? 
tips for removing fuzz from peaches ? 
how to cleanly cover the dough while it rise ? 
butter substitutions in the quiche dough
why is "raw" honey thicker than the one you buy in regular super markets ? 
how to keep cream cheese for a long time ? 
what can i do to stop hot sauce from separating ? 
how do you remove cayenne pepper  ( capsicum oils )  from your hands ? 
how to convert a muffin / cupcake recipe to a large muffin recipe
what cuts are "stir fry beef" and "stewing beef" ? 
how to properly sharpen santoku and any other knife using a water sharpener / japanese whetstone ? 
de-parasiting mackerel for sushi
why does my oven take so long to heat up ? 
how to test that a knife is sharp enough ? 
do i have to cook salame
ceramic vs stainless steel in coffee mugs
pulled pork - inject brine and immerse in brine ? 
are large veins in a rhubarb leaf safe to eat ? 
what dishes don ' t stain with heavy spices ? 
vintage west bend slow cooker and center cut chops
my commercial made chapati becomes brittle within 12hrs
substituting black treacle / molasses for brown sugar
where can i buy borosilicate  ( pyrex )  bakeware in the u . s .  ? 
what are good techniques to prepare liver ? 
where to buy food chemicals
does it make sense to refrigerate the dough made for parathas to be used after 8 hours ? 
lightly defrost chicken in microwave to separate them
what kind of rice is used for jamaican rice and peas ? 
is there a releaseable mold / pan for bread ? 
bad tasting mussels and avoiding buying them
why do fry cooks use water to cook burgers ? 
how can i keep flies out of my kitchen ? 
is japanese kasutera the same foodstuff as korean kastera ? 
what takes over the functions of gluten in gluten-free bread mixes ? 
make jello as firm as agar-agar
how to make skyr more fluid
ham left out ,  over night fully cook low in my house was 60 degrees
how to flavor homemade gum drops
what ' s the worst that could happen when fermenting sauerkraut ? 
chili cooking time
knife heat treatment
best way to preserve choco-chip cookies: food saver ? 
where can i find the most complete possible list with raw products and their respective ph ? 
is it unsafe to eat lasagna that has been out of the freezer more than 3 / 4 days ?  lasagna leftover safety
what are the best cuts of meat for grinding burgers ? 
what do i do with trout slime ? 
lemon juice sprayer / container
quick fire in convection microwave
what were the primary reasons for different livestock consumption habits of countries and cultures ? 
what is seeping out of my key lime pie ? 
how long should i cook a steak to make it medium rare ? 
wrong consistency when making "after eight" chocolate
mixing mushroom-potato-carrot soup and warming later  ( should i ?  ) 
how to prepare dried tortellini ? 
what is the "grated yam" in okonomiyaki ? 
is pork ok if seared and left in crockpot 1hr before turning on ? 
what can i substitute for dairy products in kosher meat dishes ? 
is a "typical" jam sweeter today than the typical jams of centuries ago ? 
finding a farmer ' s market
how to get cheap cookie cutters ? 
is there a way to freeze herbs without losing freshness ? 
what kind of bakery items do not get horribly affected by electricity going off when the item is still in oven ? 
using seltzer to help a marinade
advantages of grapeseed oil ? 
lodge 12sk lid ,  what can i use ? 
how do you make the green beans served at din tai fung ? 
when to add vegetables to stew ? 
calculating homemade yogurt ' s fat
artificial wood chips / smoke for smoking meat
is it possible to make oat milk icecream ? 
does a liquid need to cool under pressure in a whipped cream charger prior to serving or just be cold ? 
unwarp my cutting board ? 
browned butter + roasted flour = baking magic ? 
how to store tamarind paste ? 
is it feasible to cook a gourmet tasting menu in a home kitchen ? 
achieve the same consistency as 8 hour slow cooked inside skirt steak in a fraction of the time ? 
the mystery of heating up canned beans- what the tin says
how can i prevent tea stored in a thermos from oversteeping ? 
should good prosciutto be refrigerated ? 
what is this spoon-like kitchen utensil with a rubbery head and wooden handle called ? 
what is the name of a drink made with iced tea and orange juice ? 
why use gloves when handling food ? 
what is the difference between caramelized onions and "crispy onions" ? 
what flour and technique do i need for hand pulled noodles ? 
improvised self-raising flour
maximum time for rising in a breadmaker
where can i purchase banquete chilero sauce from costa rica in the us ? 
springform pan vs .  regular cake pan
stir fry sauce quantity
is this crab meat cooked ? 
do meat grinders need to have cutting blade
why didn ' t my brioche rise ? 
rice pilaff preparation on bbq grill
what ' s the chemical difference between normal coffee beans and kopi luwak ? 
chicken enchiladas still safe to eat
why does fondue sometimes "curdle" and what can i do to prevent it ? 
which knife is best for somone just learning to cook ? 
how long to bake frozen artichoke hearts ? 
preparing dried mushrooms for risotto
yeast 101: active dry yeast ,  instant yeast ,  baking soda ,  baking powder .  differences and info
fresh milk curdles when added to hot coffee and tea
how does the meat in weisswurst get so white ? 
help removing excess starch from potato chips
dog biscuits - curl after baking
what type of milk is used together with whole grain cereal ? 
is there a significant difference in flavor between black and white truffles ? 
flour blend for seoul chicken ? 
the mother dough blues
rice cooker problem: film appears after cooking
how can i prevent my honey cake from splitting open ? 
when spicing rice ,  should you add the spices in the water beforehand or after the rice has cooked ? 
making sticky rice without rice cooker
why do red kidney beans come in 410g cans ? 
does solid food in boiling water cook faster if the stove is kept on high ? 
what does it mean when a jar lid pops ? 
influence of salt on gluten
making a dip ahead of time
how do different types of thickener actually thicken ? 
preserving home made pasta
i ' m looking for an extender / filler for my spice mix
how does one peel and puree chick peas with a food mill for hummus ? 
can i leave boneless chicken breast flat in freezer overnight ? 
how do i adjust the cooking time for two joints as opposed to one ? 
what is the cons of using high temperature / low water to cook curry ? 
how can i make the exterior of my croissants less hard and more flaky ? 
why do american supermarkets only carry lamb and not mutton ? 
preparing breaded pork chops
how long can i keep shrub syrup in the refrigerator
substituting with bacon and bacon fat in a recipe
culinary use for the green parts of lemongrass ? 
how to infuse coconut flavor into nuts ? 
how to make chocolate cups with swirls ? 
what is the ideal ratio to mix mustard powder with flour ? 
how to know when to stop churning ice cream ? 
why use a sandwich press instead of an oven or pan ? 
peanut-butter treat - using less sugar and less butter
how can i make curly rmen noodles from scratch ? 
is it safe to cook in a clean teflon pot if the inside bottom has blistered and peeled from exposure to high heat ? 
is it bad to eat cheese after its expiry date ? 
my cake crumbled on the top and took very long time to cook
are mascarpone and clotted cream the same thing ? 
can unsweetened almond milk be used for the same things as regular milk ? 
how can i make bread within one and a half hour ? 
white wine v cider vinegar
how to make extra crispy and crunchy breading like kfc ? 
why would dipping a cold item in chocolate "help" with tempering ? 
fruit tea- tastes sour ? 
double layer piping tool
why are stone ware and dutch oven items exempt from bacteria ? 
why does adding sugar to sour things cause them not to be sour ? 
making madeleines without the special pan ? 
how to stop my cupcakes from sticking to their cupcake wrappers ? 
what made the juice / water of the beans turned black
why didn ' t my jello set ? 
how should i organize my fruits for storage ? 
how to prevent watery spaghetti squash
filling for caribbean roti
how do i scale serrano chile ? 
using whey from yogurt to make ricotta
can someone identify this food ? 
can i make irish brown bread using a covered loaf pan ? 
how long will saki keep ? 
making broth more filling ? 
lasagne package says cook from frozen
coolest part of the fridge
cooking wine in a gas oven ? 
is there a difference between infused oil and adding the ingredient ? 
is msg necessary or what to replace it with ? 
how should i choose a bbq sauce for root-beer-braised pulled pork ? 
how to ensure that the pancakes get cooked evenly ? 
exact proportions of sugar to water in sorbet
how long is it safe to store rice horchata for ? 
how to achieve a good char on cooked and shredded chicken ? 
frozen prawns - blue dye
can cashews go bad ?  if so ,  how do you tell ? 
how to cook on a low and high oven
lump charcoal vs briquettes and variations in brands
why is cocoa powder sometimes used in chocolate cakes when chopped semisweet chocolate is already used ? 
letting chicken thaw in fridge ? 
why did my caramel come out grainy ? 
can i make my own bread-machine flour ? 
looking for old italian recipe for chamellas
what is the fastest way to cook a meat salad ? 
flavored vegetable cooking oil
how long can olives be left out of the refrigerator ? 
what type of rum to use when making vanilla extract ? 
how to save spaghetti squash ? 
what do i have to worry about when using a cast iron skillet as opposed to nonstick ? 
pre-pounding chicken
will flavors marry in compound butter if given sufficient time to rest ? 
image on rice paper
what oils are suitable for indian cooking  ( i . e .  extended frying duration )  ? 
nutrient composition of cheap cashews / nuts
is it bad if a sponge cake sits out for a couple hours before cooking ? 
can microwave safe glass vessels be used in an electric oven ? 
how to get cheese melted without burning grilled cheese
what spices are used to make a mexican fajita seasoning ? 
homemade butter not softening properly
is roasting a whole duck something a beginner should avioid ? 
can i bake oatmeal drop cookies in a bar form ? 
recreating new york street vendors '  "halal chicken over rice"
why are holes punched into rice packages ? 
is salt needed for a souffle to rise ? 
chocolate mousse - methods to have firm foamy mousse using white egg and cream
is my chicken ruined ? 
can deglazing a cast iron skillet remove the seasoning ? 
is it recommended to rinse the teapot with boiling water before putting the tea leaves in ? 
why are many chinese sauces so dark ? 
how much black garlic to substitute for regular garlic in a slow-cooker ? 
how do i cook minced meat faster ? 
what do i need to know about coffee machines and grinders to get started making good coffee at home ? 
help freezing chicken breasts
temperature probe recommendations ? 
"cream biscuit" a little raw in the middle
how can you cook multiple omelets without burning them ? 
how much salt should i put in a vegetable stew ? 
adjusting protien ph before cooking
best way to get started without paying for culinary school ? 
what is the best way to pop popcorn on the stove ? 
chocolate chip substitutions
why do chefs traditionally wear a high white hat ? 
making whole wheat bread in a bread machine ?  what kind of flour ? 
excess coriander in mutton curry
why does a cold saturated sugar solution melt chocolate ? 
does canned tuna contain preservatives ? 
can i use taco seasoning in chicken quesadillas ? 
underfilled whipper canisters
when to prefer yogurt ,  cream ,  and coconut milk in an indian vegetarian dish to make it creamy ? 
are there any substitutes for squash puree ? 
safety glasses in the kitchen: why are these not common place ? 
why is there a small piece of iron sponge in my electric water boiler ? 
how can i make a panna cotta based on jelly bellys ? 
how to cook for a diabetic without making the other guests suffer
what is glooi in english ? 
what are the advantages of a two-day braise ? 
how to avoid ridiculously salty results when brining ?   
did tomato paste come in only one size of can in the 1950s ? 
medium sauces versus mild ! 
does searing meat lock in moisture ? 
what ' s a good cornstarch / flour to broth ratio for a chicken-broth gravy ? 
why do my pancakes taste dry ? 
what to do when too much shortening is added to flour ? 
spatchcock turkey in small oven
help with sourdough bread
why pressure cook rasmalai ? 
combating adverse effects of garlic and onions
does a sharpening steel ever need to be replaced ? 
why do chefs use gold and silver leaf ? 
cooking in a gas oven ? 
which part of blue fish is not edible ? 
what is the new zealand white sponge cake ,  is it a white cake here in the u . s ? 
sprig of thyme dry substitute ratio
what book / website should i read to help me move beyond just being able to follow a recipe ? 
what are examples of spoiled food that is part of a culture ' s cuisine ? 
why did my chocolate tempering fail ? 
is there a way to tell the grit coarseness of an unmarked sharpening stone ? 
why does my bread keep  ' blowing out '  ? 
is it possible to oversoak wood chips for smoking ? 
how to best store not-yet-used frying oil ? 
dissolving cocoa powder in milk
can i cook couscous for a chicken dish in my crock pot at the same time as the chicken ? 
what are good resources to learn food chemistry ? 
creating high-protein food for hiking
is it possible to subsititute nutella for peanut butter ? 
how to not buy the bad apple ? 
my own grenadine
how can i make my lemonade more tart / tangy ? 
beef discoloration on parts not in contact with air
what cooking techniques depend on controlled temperature between 100 and 120 degrees celsius ? 
how can i specify the correct type of bacon in the us ? 
ceramic pans vs ptfe pans
how can i infuse alcohol with  ' fragile '  herbs ? 
slimy red onion
chuck roast ,  beef broth ,  onion and potato .  can this work ? 
how is it that zinfandel can taste spicy ? 
lemon and mint drink
do bakeries generally knead dough for bread by hand or use a machine ? 
what ' s the best  ( minimalist )  way to cook venison ,  specifically the backstrap ? 
roasting pan substitute  /  roasting rack for pork shoulder ? 
is honey considered vegan ? 
good thread for tying meat
when to use a roux or a beurre mani
caramel coating producing inconsistent results
how can i make my pumpkin pie thicker ? 
making pork pernil ,  and had a slight "lasagna battery" issue - is it safe to eat ? 
when to add fresh basil to a tomato sauce ? 
cracking an egg
preserving cheese sandwich
how much egcg and caffeine can specific amount of water absorb from tea leaves ? 
what can i substitute for tomato juice ? 
if dark pans brown food faster ,  do i need to make adjustments to baking when i use a light colored pan  ( and vise-versa )  ? 
a substitute for beef shanks ? 
storage life for goose fat
when does the new home oven / stove smell go away ? 
safe ph range  ( acid vs base )  for food
how important are each of temperature ,  humidity ,  and vibration for storing wine ? 
how much yeast is in a "package" ? 
is my steak ok to eat ? 
how to keep fried fish warm and crispy during transport to venue ? 
is tea that has been out on air for long dangerous to drink ? 
consistently getting cannoli shells off their molds easily
should peanut oil be stored in the fridge ? 
what is the best way to store carrots ? 
butter clarifying mixing mistake
how can i stop fish from sticking to a stainless steel pan ? 
can i use thicker pastry dough in place of fillo  /  wonton wrappers  /  lumpia wrappers ? 
why was my carrot cake very heavy ? 
when turning instant soup into liquid soup ,  how can i optimise dissolution ? 
what are the culinary differences between chinese mitten crabs and blue crabs ? 
what is balkan bread ? 
how to make a hungarian tr rudi at home ? 
why do you need eggs when making icecream ? 
need to remove germ from garlic or onion ? 
what features should i look for when buying an espresso maker ? 
can i prepare instant noodles in the microwave ? 
why does freezing vegetable shortening alter its appearance ? 
using other liquid than water when making stock
how long do unrefrigerated opened canned peppers last ? 
getting over the taste of chili pepper
are there any reasons not to include the zest when citrus juice is an ingredient ? 
caulk gun-like dispenser for whipped cream
what is the purpose of oil or butter in bread ? 
what is a good online resource for purchasing high quality sea salt ? 
saute potatoes without burning them
how can i get thinner pancakes ? 
what is the real difference in lo mein ,  chow mein ,  mei fun ,  and chop suey ? 
why is my stevia-sweetened fresh whipped cream bitter ? 
can a "regular" eggplant be substituted for a chinese eggplant in a recipe ? 
mayonnaise in stand mixer is very runny
using vinegar to cut down on spice
how long is too long to presoak grits ? 
resources for determining cooking substitutions
sprouting fenugreek seeds ?  are seeds for sprouting different than the ones in the spice aisle ? 
ideas for using garlic scapes  ( other than in pesto )  ? 
how to make cookies less crumbly ? 
what physically / chemically happens to a vegetable when it is cooked ? 
does it pay to store instant coffee in the freezer ? 
why didn ' t my mustard sauce emulsify ? 
refinishing griswold no .  8 waffle iron handles
what causes sticking and what can i do to reduce food sticking to my cast-iron skillet ? 
can i substitute "green beans" for "string beans" ? 
apple pie: peel or not ? 
can a cream cheese cake be left out and for how long ? 
is there a rule of thumb when replacing flour with whipped egg whites in a cake / muffin recipe ? 
sauting vegetables in heated oil
what is the substitute for pastry blender in cookie making ? 
ham and pea soup with whole dried peas instead of split peas ? 
rabbit substitute ? 
subs for baking mix /  eggs and condensed milk ? 
storing chicken of the woods  ( mushroom )   ( pic ) 
can cultured buttermilk powder contain live cultures ? 
making a better caramel for granola bar
what is the key to making beef soft ? 
does glass bottled orange juice taste bad because of leached metals ? 
using frozen / cooked frozen blood in black pudding
for pizza cooking at home .  what is the best alternative to the pizza stone ? 
marinating in a bag vs pan
which rice is best for rice pudding ? 
letting wine reduce before braising
yeast subtitution in a recipe with no water
steaming cabbage
what does the rind say about a cheese ? 
brined turkey and fat
is garnish meant to be eaten ? 
can i prepare wasabi powder in advance ? 
is there any way to make single cream to double cream ? 
wok comparison for induction
at what step is the difference made between a quesadilla and burrito ? 
substitute directory ? 
beaten and poached eggs
shelf life of marmalade
are turkish bay leaves "normal" bay leaves ? 
bread machine yeast substitute active to quick rise
why are roasts wrapped in foil ? 
how can i emulsify cod liver oil ,  or otherwise mask its taste ? 
does vanilla powder really prevent melted chocolate from seizing ? 
is it safe to store applejuice in an opened glass bottle outside of the fridge ? 
how do i use a convex crepe pan ? 
can you make oven proof and microwave safe pie dishes using cardboard and who supplies them ? 
subsitutions for monterey jack cheese in the uk
where does the shape of pretzels come from ? 
what combination of flours can be used as a substitution to a bread flour ? 
what other vegetables can be used in cake / muffin baking ? 
is my pan too hot for brown sauce  /  gravy ? 
how do i get breading to stick to pre-cooked chicken for pan frying ? 
how long can fresh yeast be frozen ? 
can i freeze custard ? 
how to get rid of the taste of flour in homemade bakery ? 
how to make butter and sugar mixture into a breadcrumb consistency ? 
where in the us can i purchase turkish coffee / cafe botz / mud coffee
how do food producers determine expiration dates on products and ingredients ? 
is the ss stovetop espresso maker from cafecoffeeday a moka pot ? 
how can i replicate authentic german potato dumplings ? 
what makes spicy heat linger ? 
is it normal that my coffee grinder leaves a huge mess all over the counter ? 
is there a method for desalinating bacon ? 
a great book with recipes for tapas
preservation of uncooked dill pickles
would smoked chicken work well in paella ? 
ultimate grilled cheese : keeping it together
what will happen to my pecan tassies if i use too much butter ? 
why is there vinegar in the bread recipe ? 
vegetable "jam" with salt instead of sugar
is it possible to create good hummus without a food processor ?  
storing potato water: how long can it be refrigerated ? 
when should i not use a cornstarch slurry ? 
what do you call a scrambled omelette ? 
is it bad to double freeze seafood ? 
is us flour significantly different than it used to be ,  or than flour outside of the us ? 
how do you prepare brie ? 
how to make beans more neutral tasting ? 
how to get rid of the smell and taste of egg whites ?  i throw up when i eat them
best way to remove fajita contents from marinade
can i use sona masoori rice for making dosa ? 
small charcoal grill - raise fire grill ? 
how does commercial whole grain bread stay fresh for so long ? 
why didn ' t my crumpets cook in the middle ? 
are roasted nuts nutritionally different from raw nuts ? 
making that little butter thing you put on top of steak
can i follow recipes for bread-machine breads without bread machine ? 
why does a  ( vodka )  martini often come with an olive on a stick ? 
making sorbet with fruit frozen before processing
why is my soy milk frozen ? 
are there a better ways to crush biscuits / cookies than a rolling pin ? 
what is a substitute for celery root in a soup ? 
how do you shell groundnuts  ( peanuts )  without breaking their kernels ? 
how much citric acid to use to preserve vegetarian jelly ? 
can you cook off the acidity in wine ? 
substitute for pastry flour from limited traditional and alternative flours
what to do if a turkey has been brined for too long
gyuto knife - what it can & can ' t cut ?  what cutting techniques ? 
hamantaschen just wouldn ' t pinch and hold tight
how hot are electric home stoves ? 
what can i use ,  beside applesauce ,  to replace fat in baking ? 
do beef bouillon cubes expire or cause expiration ? 
can i thaw whole ginger root to use later ? 
what ginger compound is responsible for the  ' kick '  ? 
how to replace icing sugar and glucose in a cake icing ? 
when adding eggs to scratch cake batter ,  why are you supposed to add them one at a time ? 
should i retire my scratched non-stick rice cooker ? 
what is the proper serving temperature for turkish coffee ? 
having trouble getting gluten free bread to rise
water vs .  milk / cream  ( or nothing )  in traditional  ( french )  omelets
blending eggs for omelette ? 
what is meringue powder ? 
what ' s the ideal coffee to water ratio for a french press ? 
why is sauteing beneficial ? 
is it worth tearing lettuce for salad ? 
can i get 900f in a charcoal grill ? 
failing to make mozzarella
can i fix a box cake recipe where i added oil instead of water ? 
does cast iron have a coating from the manufacturer ? 
coconut shrimp-fry ahead for dinner party ? 
gas grill flare up made flame covers look rusty
quick-cooking vs .  regular oats for bread
can you make orange juice with a blender ? 
are meatballs different from hamburgers other than in terms of size ? 
can i freeze caramelised onions ? 
ate steak with the layer of fat kind of undercooked ,  is it dangerous ? 
forgot to turn crockpot on
can barley flour be used as a substitute for barley malt extract ? 
how to ensure that the chicken meat is not over cooked or under cooked ? 
safe fenugreek sprouting in a jar ? 
trying to make a 3 layer curd tart
freezing fresh juices
hot drink shaker
what is "fish sauce" typically used for ? 
what is light cream
preserving leftover double cream
could you describe the souffl technique ? 
guacamole sitting out ? 
correct temperature to serve a chocolate gateau  ( cake ) 
what olive is a good taste substitute for kalamata ? 
how do i bake chicken breast ? 
what to use instead of white wine in recipes ? 
is it contaminating the spice to touch it after touching raw meat ? 
substitution for hagelslag  ( chocolate sprinkles for bread ) 
basil lookalike that tastes like aniseed . 
will storing spices on the oven affect flavor or anything ? 
does chocolate syrup need to be refrigerated ? 
blanch after vacuum seal ? 
how to bottle your own homemade salad dressing
how to mix a spaghetti carbonara ? 
am i slow cooking chicken correctly ? 
milk alternative in pancake batter
what is the optimal steep time for cold-brewed coffee ? 
will it wreck the dish if i pre-soak beef in brine ,  and then slow roast with marsala ? 
i ' m cooking two dishes that need to cook at different temperatures in the oven ,  what do i do ? 
are glass jars from the supermarket oven safe ? 
how do you ensure a tortilla keeps all its contents when making a burrito ? 
gravy with scrambled eggs :: what went wrong ? 
is it safe to cook with rainwater ? 
does soy sauce expire ? 
can i use a dutch oven for cooking sauces ? 
flavor notes of olive oil varietals ? 
how do i make spicy mayonnaise like japanese restaurants use for sushi ? 
home-made vanilla syrup expiration date
looking for non-standard  ( i . e .  no dill )  fermented pickle suggestions
tartine bread without dutch oven  ( inverted mixing bowl on top of heavy skillet )  ? 
what is the best oil / fat to use to season a cast iron skillet
is white vinegar the same as white wine vinegar ? 
how would you restore sweetness and moisture in this bundt cake ? 
what kind of coffee grinder is best ? 
which salsa ingredient makes it taste like dirt ? 
earthy tasting frozen salmon
quick pressure release vs natural pressure release
how to convert a specific cake recipe i have to make brownies ? 
what is the recommended temperature for cooking eggs ? 
breed of chicken
how to add a black patina to a bare aluminum frying cauldre
is this video showing an exception of the common wisdom that you shouldn ' t cook with evoo ? 
baker ' s math formula system - why isn ' t the flour mass in corn bread formula 100% ? 
what ' s the skinny on fat asparagus ? 
is there something better than mineral oil for cutting boards ? 
is this tenderloin safe to use ? 
potato ricer substitute
what is the purpose of heating agar powder
mango chutney freezable ? 
the importance of timing to adding spices
starter with water ,  flour ,  grated apple
what is thet difference between venison and veal ? 
getting crispy banana chips
are the claims legitimate linking botulism to vacuum prepared foods ? 
making cream cheese from raw ,  non-homogenized milk ,  what to do with the cream ? 
spice rack / cupboard for kitchen with lots of spices ? 
what ' s this discoloration in my saucepan ? 
omiting salt in baking recipes ? 
how long does uncooked meat last when kept in the freezer ? 
is there any way that we can harden us store bought cottage cheese to make indian paneer ? 
can i substitute amaretto syrup for amaretto liqueur ? 
vegemite beyond expiry date ? 
how can i make herbs easy to remove from a crock-pot ? 
is carnival glass safe for serving food ? 
long term wine storage
is there a frosting similar to whipped cream but without cream ? 
why does mexican food taste dissonant with balsamic vinegar ? 
how to mimic giordano ' s pizza sauce ?   ( part 2 ) 
is cooking with olive oil bad or toxic ? 
can i toast pecans the night before ? 
added more flour than what the recipe calls for to make butter cookies
what is the difference between orbit gum and orbit for kids
homemade coconut milk in coffee compared to store bought
what is the difference between greek yogurt and plain yogurt ? 
coconut milk substitutions ? 
is there a cholesterol-free substitute for egg noodles ? 
is all sausage considered a "processed meat" ? 
benefits of boiling meatballs before frying them
how to store cut fruits & vegetables for days ? 
how do you fry a fat ,  uneven salmon filet ? 
what features should i look for in a fireplace grill ? 
how are maraschino cherries pitted ? 
removing salsa flavor from vegetable soup
truffle errors - not enough chocolate
smoked a chicken and the skin came out like boot leather
how can i get gross ,  bloody stumps in my halloween punch ? 
catering event for bbq for 30 people . 
chicken curry in a slow cooker turns out watery
how do i optimize my chicken stock for the best flavor at the lowest cost ? 
is it possible to make french fries out of potatoes and tomatoes ? 
how do you make sure your salmon is cooked through ? 
vegetable similar to ivy gourd ? 
what would be the effect of doubling the egg in this bread ? 
slow cooker makes a mess
brown rice vs white rice in stuffed pepper
can i repair a cake tin which has started to leak ? 
why is a copper bowl recommended for whipping cream and egg whites ? 
difference between pancakes and "kaiserschmarrn" ? 
should i bbq chicken on foil ? 
how do you get a smooth surface on cakes ? 
how to achieve a flexible consistency on ice cream ?   ( photos attached ) 
a glue like substance in oil
is it safe to use a cast iron skillet over a chimney starter ? 
is there a difference between coca ,  focaccia and pizza ? 
how can i minimize crumbliness in agar based candies ? 
should my sour pickles be sealed while pickling ? 
orange sauce for goose
shaken ,  not stirred .  .  . but why ? 
are there gas ovens that come with a thermometer ? 
how do you quickly prepare tomatoes for pizza ? 
onion has yellow center .  is it safe to eat ? 
how to use meat thermometers with big needles for thinner meat pieces ? 
how to cook rice for 60 people
how long could a meat-based broth be held safely near 180f / 82c ? 
got tara ?  gum ,  that is
 ( is it safe ?  )  preparing breakfast in bulk
how can you make a sauce less spicy / hot ? 
how to set cookie crumbs
is it normal for ginger paste to spit violently in oil ? 
what chemical ( s )  gives molasses its flavor so that it is used as an ingredient ? 
what is sourdough bread ? 
ice cream sugar substitutes - applesauce ? 
turning a cast-iron grill into a smoker
frothing milk more quietly ? 
are strawberries really dyed ? 
temperature needed to make crunchy toffee
how to bake large batches of bread
are sundried tomatoes regulated in the eu ? 
how should i adapt a recipe if using very new dried yeast versus slightly older dried yeast ? 
help me identify the factors which make grass-fed beef tender or tough
how do i clean up my utensils after cutting extremely hot chillis ? 
is lavender used to season food ? 
how can i remove bitterness from custard after adding pineapple to it ? 
is there some trick to vacuum sealing broccoli ? 
how can i make this very low hydration bread more home baker friendly ? 
what should i look for in a cooking pan for risotto ? 
preparing trout and avoiding bones ? 
does coffee in a cafe press keep brewing after being  ' squeezed '  ? 
what ingredients do you add to your meat to help to reduce  ( bad )  bacteria ? 
why use metal cake pan instead of silicone one ? 
how can i make shepherd ' s pie without tomatoes ? 
what spice in asian food makes me sweat and my nose running ? 
does a change in altitude affect baking time or temperature ? 
how to know whether a coconut is ripe or rancid before buying
should i "bake" a pizza stone before the first use ? 
roast beef in slow cooker for 7 hours on low then on high for another hour ? 
ceramic made from alumina poisonous ? 
what style of icing is this please ? 
what ' s wrong with my isi soda siphon ,  and how do i fix it ? 
is there cultural variations on what is consider offal ? 
what are the white tendrils at the bottom of these garlic cloves ? 
how to make pancakes with almond milk ? 
if i leave brie in my fridge for two weeks ,  will it still taste as good ? 
what ' s the correct way to store fats ? 
is there a discernible difference in taste between aeropress and chemex  /  pour-over ? 
problems with gelatine
what temperature should "simmer" be for candying fruit ? 
make crispy rice noodles without frying
quick bread formula ? 
what is a better-tasting substitute for baking powder ? 
mayo-herring in fridge
enlarging from a home bakery to a commercial bakery
how much sugar should i put with the fruit in a pie or crumble ? 
how long can a bottle of self-made basil sauce last without rotting ? 
does washing kimchi with water reduce the sodium content much ? 
what is the best temperature to store honey at ? 
right way to defrost roux
active dry yeast and rapid rise yeast
why roast beets in vinegar ? 
how long should i steam artichokes ? 
how can i make melted chocolate set faster ? 
what is the shelf-life of store-bought commercially-produced jam ? 
how can i preserve an orange  ( peel )  for as long as possible ? 
roaster oven temperature is off
how would changing the amount of egg affect a pancake recipe ? 
resources that explain the science of cooking ? 
how to make cottage cheese using a sous vide
what ' s the simplest method to cook rice ? 
is my frozen solid lamb ok to roast i am asking for food safety reasons
teabags vs .  instant coffee
additional cooking time when baking more than one loaf of quick bread
do you cook in oven before dehydrating venison jerky to kill possible bacteria ? 
when should you sweat mirepoix ,  and when should you saut it ? 
salad packaged with raw meat: is it safe ? 
5 gallon drinking water container
is butter required to caramelize onions ? 
can vegetable oil be used in place of butter ? 
is it possible to temper chocolate at home ? 
what am i missing in my dishes  ( indian cuisine ) 
is titanium cookware safe ? 
what to look for in a hand mixer for occasional bread dough kneading ? 
chocolate baking bars vs .  chocolate chips ? 
the difference between green ,  red and yellow bell peppers
why are these called "no bake" brownies ? 
filtering home-rendered lard
how to infuse flavours in alcohol ? 
toasting chopped almonds
salting pork chops
deep frying - caloric-intake difference in saturated vs .  unsaturated oil
fat contents from different types of ground beef when drained
can you blowtorch a pig skin to make it crispy ? 
know if a turkey is done cooking
can i leave cauliflower florets in batter overnight for making gobi manchurian ? 
is there a way to keep chocolate chips from melting in chocolate-chip waffles ? 
what is the proper ratio of heavy cream to chocolate for a thick ganache ? 
why do my eisenhower cookies turn out flat ? 
how to replicate this bakery ' s bread
bacon in sealed package ,  4 days at room temp
where to get precise recipies ? 
should i be able to make a tarte tatin in a glass dish ? 
self clean while door open
can i use a reused can for serving food
is there a table that shows the cooking temperature and the duration for different meat types and its bones ? 
looking for a philipino cookie . 
how can you maximise the shell life of milk in milk bags ,  after having opened them ? 
discolored ground meat
can you freeze yogurt
what is a good pine nut substitute for pesto ? 
can i safely thaw and refreeze sorbet ? 
preparations for outdoor grilling
how can i get brownies to bake evenly ? 
how do you make sauce for a thai dish such as chicken pad khing ? 
avoiding over-mixing when using a stand mixer
why should i rest gingerbread dough ? 
how can i approximate a starbucks latte at home ? 
sodium benzoate the correct amount
what is the reason my veggies cook unevenly ? 
can i cook beans without salt ? 
how to cook beef shank so that it is fall-off-the-bone tender ? 
serving a whole pig
what are the names of the three main parts of my metal spatula ? 
preparing meats using dry rubs
what coarseness of japanese waterstones is ideal for cooking ? 
what are the best potatoes for baking ? 
how can i stop my cheese seizing ? 
trouble cooking steak to the standard internal temperature
how to properly store mushrooms
can i eat chia leaves ? 
cheap cheese is tasteless .  can i make it tastier in my mac and cheese ? 
what is better for chilled cheesecake - pectin or gelatin ? 
egg and gluten free custard ideas ? 
what does beating eggs actually do  ( chemically speaking )  ? 
sediment in chicken stock
how to reduce the bitterness of tonic water in a non-alcoholic citrus drink ? 
use flour vs oil in rising dough
why don ' t filled doughnuts have compressed dough around the filling ? 
cooking smoke safety
what happens when cheese is melted in a frying pan ? 
why does honey stored with the comb last longer ? 
is broth that hasn ' t been boiled safe ? 
can i make fermented lemon soda using yogurt cultures ? 
homemade teriyaki sauce
how to prepare fresh sardines for bucatini con sarde
can i substitute teriyaki glaze and baste for teriyaki sauce ? 
cooking steak in frying pan ,  problem with oil splatter
how much experience is needed to work in a restaurant ? 
homemade pop tarts coming out too dry  /  crumbly
any advice to help me form and shape stuff more uniformly ? 
storing cream cheese icing
dner kebab spices ? 
ribs safety after outside defrosting
how do i incorporate cucumbers into cole slaw ? 
how do i care for a carbon steel knife ? 
is "medium white sauce" a usefully distinct term ? 
how to properly vacuum seal and freeze food that may stick together
how do i work out how large a cake tin i have ? 
can the bacon in homemade "bacon salt" be made shelf stable ? 
substituting peppers
can you freeze gravy ? 
mix parmesan cheese & garlic into sourdough bread dough before or after first rising ? 
why do my cakes taste like cinnamon ? 
can cooking in a larger than intended vessel be disadvantageous in some way ? 
how to bake cake and pastries without oven ? 
what specifically makes microwavable frozen food taste so delicious ? 
how can i substitute for unsweetened chocolate in a frosting ? 
would the same mixing principles that apply to paint work for food coloring variations ? 
what does  ' turn out '  mean in bread baking ? 
how long spreadable cheedar cheese lasts
bbq-style baked beans without mustard ? 
how long should you keep salami for ? 
what makes bread mold grow; light ,  air or both ? 
pepper spice varieties
a good substitute for pineapple when cooking a ham
what happens if i brine my turkey for 2 days ? 
a proper way to cook mi goreng noodles ? 
brown sugar has gained some moisture ,  want to remove
what is the name for the  ' sweetness '  of cooling roast pork ? 
why won ' t my cream biscuits rise ? 
is rice supposed to be eaten with chopsticks ? 
why is the handle of sauce pans tilted and not horizontal ? 
what can i use as a substitute for nori wrapper on a chocolate dessert sushi ? 
general principles of making risotto
pizza baking order
i boiled dry my 18 / 10 ss pot ,  is it damaged and unsafe to cook with now
how to stop sea bass fillets from sticking to foil
culinary difference between dill and fennel
some minor changes in recipe: is it okay to use carrot marmalade instead of orange ? 
how to remove cover on risen bread dough ? 
how to clean a clogged misto oil sprayer / spritzer ? 
what ingredients  ( available in specific regions )  can i substitute for parsley ? 
by what reactions do moisture and light steal away my coffee ' s freshness ? 
raw eggs ,  chocolate chip cookie dough .  .  . and freezing
jamon serrano smells awful
what is the name of this venetian pastry ? 
making buckwheat crepes buckwheatier
why is my mac  ' n '  cheese grainy ? 
what is the maximum internal temperature of baked goods ? 
mince smells like vinegar
is sourdough actually sour ? 
how can i make a quick bread mix less sweet ? 
can instant oatmeal really expire ? 
what is the best way to fry rice cake ? 
how to clean the rubbery skin from monkfish before cooking ? 
can liqueurs be reduced ? 
how can i create a sweet pizza that looks like pizza ? 
what ' s the difference between red and panang curry ? 
pie pan question
does oil evaporate ? 
can i cook duck breast a day before ? 
how about a gouda souffl ? 
turning regular noodles into no-boil noodles
what is a "raw smoked" gammon  ( or ham )  ? 
maintaining sourdough starter - are potato flakes / water necessary ? 
shaking cocktails without bar equipment
can you thaw a frozen turkey in a dryer ? 
why would a baking recipe call for both cake and bread flour ? 
what flavors are in mountain dew ? 
distributing small amounts of oil around a non-stick pan
what types of alcohol will make meat tender when marinating ? 
how do i keep dough moist while rising ? 
how to properly freeze cake
when is a cooking oil not appropriate to substitute for another ? 
how do you make whole-wheat bread less crumbly ?  --  ( without adding gluten ) 
how well do frozen oranges peel after frozen ? 
how long will spaghetti last in the refrigerator when stored in a sealed container ? 
bacon fat producing solid white and gelatin state
what does the oil do in a marinade ? 
did 150 c  ( 300 f )  ruin my cream sauce ,  or is it just overcooked ,  or fine ? 
deep frying and burning eyes
how long will shredded carrots keep ? 
why did i have to coat my veggies with flour ? 
advantages of using vinegar as a salt substitute for enhancing flavor ? 
what distinguishes pork sausage from ground pork ? 
how much water does pasta absorb when it is cooked ? 
is it safe to wash sterno down a sink drain ? 
is it possible to freeze chocolate covered ants ? 
how do i clean these gloves so they do not leave marks ? 
determining sugar content of liqueurs
kitchen aid pasta roller getting oil on my pasta
is there an alternative to condensed milk ? 
heating bread in the microwave oven and wetting
boiling beef chorizo as part of a soup base ? 
szechuan fish soup ingredient -- what is it ? 
adding additional water to already simmering bone stock
japanese cold soba broth ? 
how to shell macadamias without a special tool ? 
what knife and cutting technique should i use for cubing bacon ? 
pork fillet cooking time
how hot should the oil be when preparing schnitzel ? 
charcoal in bread baking ,  where to start ? 
what is the difference between marinara and spaghetti sauce ? 
will store eggs turn into a chick if i leave it out in the warmth ? 
saving sanding sugar
what is the purpose of seasoning a skillet ? 
peanut butter logs
sour pork ,  causes ? 
frozen chicken vs thawed chicken in the crockpot
how can i prevent the cocoa in my hot chocolate from solidifying over time ? 
can i substitute white wine vinegar for balsamic vinegar in a steak marinade ? 
how the heck did people in the olden '  days learn to beat eggs and other laborious tasks ? 
flan recipe calls for a blender; how can i make it in a mixer instead ? 
why does my fondue call to wipe the pot with garlic ? 
how can i make pacman muffins ? 
options for non-stick frying pans - not using teflon
is frozen hamburger ok to eat after the sell by date ? 
how should i poach an egg ? 
how does "brownulated" light brown sugar compare with regular light brown sugar ? 
are there particular palate cleansers for particular foods ? 
how to distinguish between different types of squash ? 
what to do with italian soda type syrups ? 
cooking oranges to put in a cake
kind of apples for apple pure  /  apple sauce
what are techniques to make homemade pasta without a pasta machine ? 
cooking two pieces of meat in pressure cooker
floating rhubarb in cake
what is the effect of a semolina / plain flour mix in pasta making ? 
is there any caffeine in kuding tea ? 
how to make chocolate cigarellos in a quicker way ? 
does chlorine evaporate from water when cooking ? 
is le creuset pan 22 cms enamelled or not
salt stick dough and shaping
can bean-to-cup machine make quality espresso / cappuccino ? 
what temperature to cook a pork tenderloin at ? 
what is this powder served with fried dango ? 
how can i cook the perfect potato for a potato salad ? 
how can i make my own small pie dishes and still cook pies effectively ? 
troubleshooting oven bbq cooking times
what is a french rolling pin ? 
how to pan sear a thin steak ? 
home oven over 500f ? 
help in identifying a thai condiment
how do i cook large quantities of sliced bacon ? 
what is the white swirl in my bread and is it safe ? 
slow cooker beef bone broth
coffee from seeds of dates
how can you pipe hot melted candy into free-form shapes ? 
how to prevent overcooking of eggs in carbonara sauce ? 
what does "contains 2% or less of" mean ? 
egg substitute for cookie-flavor syrup
cooking with plastic
how long can cream cheese frosting be safely stored in the fridge ? 
how to brownies from a box / mix with a flaky top ? 
what makes pineapples cause a burning  /  itchy feeling in the mouth ? 
flattened chicken breast returns to original size when frying
can i flavor powdered sugar with vanilla beans or citrus zest ? 
indian mango pickle producing gas is that normal ? 
crispier pizza crust .  what surface to go for in a home oven ? 
using cream cheese instead of cheddar in a grilled cheese sandwich
what kinds of corn can be nixtamalized ? 
what is molecular gastronomy ? 
how should one prepare beef heart ? 
why is my first batch of cookies out of the oven too flat ? 
why did this brown rice recipe fail ? 
how to approach making fruit custards ? 
unopened cheese shipped in heat
can i use normal household glass items to steam cook inside pots ? 
is there anything i can substitute eggs for when making meatloaf ? 
what is the best way to find a reliable pepper mill ? 
coffee roasting ,  worth upgrade from popcorn popper
is corn a fruit ,  vegetable ,  or a nut ? 
is the smoked ham safe to eat ? 
converting oven recipe to slow cooker
thick ,  moist ,  fluffy ,  flavorful pitas
why does milk curdle after being boiled with ginger ? 
what is a "roux" and what are its uses ? 
juice concentrate manufacturing and process ? 
use the same cast iron skillet or buy a new one for desserts ? 
excess flour in banneton after proofing
spotting frozen seafood in restaurants
melting sugar on creme brulee with blow torch
my sauerkraut was left with dark mold covering the surface ,  is it ok ? 
how do you figure out how much oil to use for pan frying ? 
do pressure-cooked vegetables really have nothing else to give ? 
can you use cooking oil to make "african drop doughnuts" ? 
how long can melted chocolate last ? 
why is it easier to separate a cold egg ? 
is indian sandwich bread meant to always be grilled or toasted ? 
how can i modify my hot sauce to make it shelf stable ? 
what are the advantages of "bathed" bread ? 
what can i change about this bread recipe to lower its glycemic index ? 
is there a general rule as if should bake something at 375 or 350 degrees ,  or does it really matter ? 
cooking more than one dish that require different temperatures
does reducing the clear juice from tomatoes have a name ? 
how to make bubble tea - the "real"  ( tea-less )  version ?  is there a way to create the powdered flavoring ? 
how long should chicken wait in eggs before applying bread crumbs ? 
is there a salt antidote ? 
what is the ratio for soft polenta ? 
how can i make this curry given my list of ingredients ? 
what kind of cookware can melt in a microwave ?  is it safe to eat food cooked in a melted cookware ? 
can a water bath be used to bake brownies ? 
ideal fridge temperature accounting for temperature spikes
can i mix arborio and carnaroli
when does a boiled egg become a poached egg ? 
proper way to prepare shrimp ? 
is it possible to preserve color in steamed vegetables ? 
replacement for alliums ? 
what makes carrot bits turn green in carrot pineapple bread ?   ( and are they safe ?  ) 
what kind of food should be stored in a refrigerator ' s "snack pan" drawer ? 
how long does unwhipped whipped topping last in the fridge
food safety when tasting from dish
what are the benefits and drawbacks of washing dishes in hot water ? 
what is the maximum temperature to use when cooking with flavor oils ? 
alternate seafood for etouffee
how to make a strong mug of instant coffee ? 
french fries: why soak in cold water ,  and if so ,  why a long time
what do soybeans taste like ? 
should cheese be frozen ? 
boil water first when cooking what foods ? 
prevent the dough from "oxidizing" ? 
hard candy hardens too quickly
which parts of fresh fenugreek am i supposed to throw off before attempting to dry them out completely ? 
calories in a lava crunch cake
choricitos a la sidra -- raw or cured ? 
how can i test my extracts for strength ? 
making the most out of stock
how can i make whipped cream if i can ' t always get cream ? 
how to achieve tender or crunchy toasted lentil sprouts ? 
can nuts be frozen and for how long ? 
what is the purpose of baking powder in batter ? 
what is the most effective method for cooking a massive amount of sweet brown sushi rice
date cookies are thin and spread out
vacuum sealing jars of simple syrup
why is the dough in cheap pizza places so bad ? 
does meat marinate while it is in the freezer ? 
how to make the pasta in this tv show  ( anthony bourdain in rome )  ? 
adding baking powder as a final step
how long does it take for sugar to get to the hard ball stage ? 
pasteles are too salty
similar flavors to caffeine ? 
garam masala powder to paste
wax paper sticking to homemade taffy - what to use for wrapping ? 
is there a way to adjust hot spots in a horizontal smoker setup ? 
how should i incorporate separated eggs in a cookie recipe without instructions ? 
how to peel peaches ? 
can you mix red onion chutney into bread ? 
what is the spicy kick in "kraft tangy spaghetti" box meal ? 
do breadcrumbs really act as a binder in meat preparations ? 
what can i do with batter that has lumpy sugar in it ? 
juice from meat extinguishing charcoals when grilling ? 
muffin sticks to paper cases
adding melted chocolate to a sponge cake batter
how do i deal with asian rice noodles ? 
what is a "nonreactive" pan ? 
keeping meat juices to make gravy
split pea soup won ' t soften .  any way to soften the peas without burning ? 
can i use reverse osmosis water for cooking ? 
can i dry-brine a turkey crown while it ' s defrosting ? 
how can i prevent my ice cream bucket from drying out ? 
are there food products that are meant to have an aftertaste ? 
can i put meat on a broiler rack without using foil ? 
how should i clean my propane grill ? 
what to look for when buying good quality loose black tea ? 
squashing cookie balls vs slicing them
what is a good side dish for a freshly boiled lobster ? 
can you make a french buttercream in a food processor ?   ( experiment results ) 
why are my apple fritters too doughy in the center ? 
too much heavy cream in my pumpkin pie ? 
how do i reheat a casserole in the oven ? 
what materials would work for a waffle iron ? 
is it safe to freeze ground beef one day before its expiration date ? 
why are some kind of packets-soups boiled up in lukewarm water ,  while normally just stirred into already boiling water ? 
long chilling of brioche dough ? 
should i store my cheese in brine / whey ? 
how long do eggs last in the refrigerator out of the shell ? 
can i boil a yogurt marinade if i add cornstarch ? 
how to replace water in meat  ( chicken ,  beef )  with another liquid ? 
planning for sandwich sales
should i roast a rolled beef roast from room temperature ? 
wheat flour vs .  wheat gluten
can bitter almonds ( or other nuts containing amygdalin )  be made edible ? 
subsitute in this kale and grape recipe
why is my corned beef overly salty ? 
better way of getting out excess water / oil from food other than paper towels ? 
how can i fortify homemade soy milk ? 
how long does tahini last past expiration date ? 
shelf life of sesame oil ? 
replacement for wine
how do you put out a grease fire ? 
what do i do with all this cheese ? 
how do i stop homemade ravioli from going soggy ?   ( storage issue ) 
what knives are "required" for a serious home kitchen ? 
what is the difference between shawarma and gyros ? 
curing pork belly for bacon - how much juice should come out ? 
oxidized avocado: what ' s going on & how to prevent it
what kinds of beans are there and how to recognize them ? 
can you parfry hash browns in advance ? 
chia seeds as replacement of oil in bakery
is it possible to have sushi pizza ? 
what substitutes are available for sugar ? 
using fresh masa with tamales
substituting buttermilk powder for buttermilk
does salt-seasoned pasta and starchy water in my sauce have to yield a salty sauce ? 
what is the proper way to bake meat balls in the oven ? 
why do my pancakes  ( crpes )  take such a long time to cook ? 
how much meat should i serve per person ? 
why do my homemade chocolate bars start to melt as soon as i take them out of the fridge ? 
any way to reduce the tangy taste of homemade coconut milk ? 
what does al dente really mean ? 
fruit / nut allergy - cooking for
why are certain fruit & veg bought in uk supermarkets tasteless ? 
cooked or raw - shrimp peeling
is it okay to throw the food ,  collected in the mesh in the sink ,  down the drain ,  if it doesn ' t contain plastic ? 
cake baking problem  ( white lumps of flour ) 
vegan ice cream has chalky texture
how to tenderizing chicken with soy sauce instead wet brining ? 
bread and butter pickles without mustard seed ? 
unused drink packets
corned beef on warm for 2 hr before cooking
questions about making hard kefir cheese
can this ratatouille be saved ? 
would a tagine be better for high altitude braising ? 
why is ground beef red on the bottom also ? 
re-baking cookies ? 
alternatives to acetate ? 
how do i tell bucatelli pasta size and thickness
how can i make a homemade latte taste like a restaurant one ? 
baking flour and sour cream -us  / uk terms
inversion canning
what ' s the difference between hollandaise ,  mayonnaise ,  and aoli ? 
melted chocolate inside the cookies
how do i brew longjing tea ? 
where do i find the fruit tamarind ? 
is unsour sour cream too new or too old ? 
how do you make mustard water ? 
are there any cooking techniques that employ "dry ice" ? 
do honing steels wear out ? 
why does cold coffee taste sweeter with the same amount of sugar ? 
why does my coconut sauce lack a strong coconut taste ? 
how long does swiss meringue last ? 
is eating uncooked spaghetti dangerous ? 
is ground beef that was in the refrigerator for two weeks and has turned brown still usable ? 
dutch oven instead of oven ? 
food safety with mixing raw meat
how to preserve and ship home made mayonnaise
can i substitute whole eggs for egg whites in cake mix ? 
is the un-moldy part of tomato paste still safe to eat ? 
will marinating chicken for 18 hours make the meat fall apart ? 
possible for chicken to reach 165f and be raw
where can i buy kaima or jeerakasala rice ? 
reheating turkey
why does handling peeled chayote make your hands feel numb / rigid ? 
is there a significant difference between turkish coffee and moka pot coffee ? 
what oil to use when cooking steak ,  and what difference does it make ? 
doubling ingredients on panettone cake
what does "serving" and "serving size" mean ? 
how to make sweet-tasting noodles ? 
is there a way to cook hot dogs in a microwave without them bursting ? 
how to prevent homemade soy milk separating in hot tea ? 
how to make perfect crispy bacon strips ? 
flank steak came out chewy this time .  what ' s to blame ? 
replacing agar-agar with gelatin
how can i word "add bread crumbs until it feels right" ? 
add cocoa butter to chocolate chips to temper ? 
smoker ideas ,  something between ribs and a brisket
how can i thicken my smoothie without frozen ingredients ? 
how to fix a sauce with overheated yogurt that has separated ? 
is butternut squash with veins ok to eat ? 
what are frying pan ridges for ? 
is sterilized milk safe to use with a breadmaker ' s timer function ? 
is wasabi considered to be spicy or to be a spice ? 
does the quality of garlic degrades if i chopped ,  fried then use it after a week ? 
when is msg suitable and when is it not ? 
 ' phorons '  for dahls
what is the critical ratio of eggs to potatoes between an egg salad and a potato salad ? 
how do you add ingredients to fudge without stiring it ? 
why remove the skin and seeds of a tomato ? 
how do i thicken my japanese curry after the fact ? 
what are the correct simmering times for chicken / vegetable stock ? 
"cooking" with acid  ( ceviche ) 
is there anything wrong with soft shrimp ? 
maintaining crispy fried potatoes while cooking with onions and peppers
unopened shredded cheese gets soggy in the fridge
baked item that would catch on fire / smoke ? 
does cooking olive oil remove bacteria ? 
leaving out frozen tilapia
how can i convert a muffin recipe to make crumpets ? 
stone or iron mortar ? 
how do i cook shrimp in butter ? 
cutting boards: what are some general tips on purchasing and using a cutting board ? 
when should or shouldn ' t you toss pasta with sauce ? 
do burgers cook better when close or far apart ? 
heating aioli as part of cooking or not
surfaces for bread making
what ' s the difference in baking bread in a loaf pan vs .  in a dutch oven ? 
does milk tenderize meat ? 
has anyone had experience canning with "quattro stagioni" jars ? 
i have clay tajines from morocco that i ' ve always cooked in and suddenly new stove is smoking ? 
how can i get my bread to be more fluffy and less dense ? 
where can i find yak butter online or in nyc ? 
only the core of my banana is black .  is it safe to eat ? 
adjusting the baking time for large cakes ? 
what kind of dishes use fresh coriander fruits
slow cooker lasagne
adding liquid to le creuset casserole during cooking
gritty texture in cookies
should i boil canned food in water ? 
stir fry - garlic burns if i put it in first ,  what am i doing wrong ? 
rule of the thumb for judging the leavening ? 
apple pie in a jar drink
soft boiled egg science
how to make beet kvass in winter ? 
how to clean my unanodized aluminium pot ? 
why does my coffee sometimes taste sour ? 
at what point is eating left-overs or perishables not just daring but dumb ? 
are the particulates that settle in a veal stock impurities ? 
how should i keep date palm fruit at my home ? 
how to get sprinkles to stick to the side of a cake ? 
is jalebi acidic ? 
how can you recognize cold milk that has gone bad or is about to ? 
is it safe to reuse water used to steam corn ? 
how to make sparkling powder for candy ? 
what is the shelf life for chocolate chips ? 
crumbly cheddar
should i bother trying to use a traditional wok on an electric stove ? 
what herbs and spices are in "italian seasoning" ? 
beans ,  bacon ,  and chicken
are substitutions for vodka allowed when making a vodka cream sauce
putting "precooked corn on the cob" on the barbeque ? 
how can i reduce nitrate concentration in vegetables before or during cooking ? 
is this moldy vinegar salvageable ? 
can tilapia replace salmon in recipes and taste good ? 
what are the basic ratios for making a chutney
how to cut a cake that was baked in a pie pan ? 
how to cut a crumbly baked item  ( e . g .  cereal bar )  without it disintegrating ? 
what are some alternative wines for boeuf bourguignon ? 
which kind of icing should be used ? 
sourdough starter from regular yeast ? 
what are the purposes of the various specialty knives ? 
how to maintain a smooth seasoning on carbon steel skillets ? 
how can i preserve winged beans until my next batch matures ? 
cebiche dinner considered harmful
how to bake with self raising flour ? 
can i store extra pizza dough in fridge ? 
why add flour to grilled onions ? 
getting the lighter fluid taste out of burgers ,  after the fact
what does it mean to "fold in" an ingredient into a mix ? 
what ' s an efficient way of removing seeds from citrus fruits ? 
sourdough starter - will it set off my allergies ? 
why are my hazelnuts / filberts bitter ? 
when is the expiry date ? 
where can i find a recipe for less-dense coconut bread ? 
term for the fact that ' s easier to mix 2 things if the amount are different
pineapple store bought can pops when opening ,  is it safe ? 
why does cooked fruit seem to retain more heat than the other foods in the recipe ? 
are bubbling preserved lemons a sign of spoilage ? 
how to prevent separation / layers in panna cotta ? 
is it safe to eat a cooked steak that  ( briefly )  touched the plate that was holding the raw meat ? 
nonsoggy spinich pie with frozen spinach
is old barbeque sauce safe to eat ? 
getting correct baking consistency when using stevia as sugar substitute
does it matter if i freeze dough before proofing ? 
can i freeze egg whites ? 
fluffy texture in a spanish tortilla
how to make saffron really color my risotto ? 
smoking chicken know how
how could i keep one-ingredient "ice cream" soft ? 
how to best store scallions ? 
how to raise the setting and melting point of gelatin
hot espresso poured into a cold cup - is that dangerous ? 
substitute for bell peppers in meat dishes
how long is it safe to drink coffee after brewed ? 
how can i get brine flavour into turkey ? 
how can i get my bacon flatter ? 
what sour spices are there ? 
solution for uneven heating on an electric coil stovetop
tomato soup substitute in cake
brother ate chicken after it was left out raw for 2 days non refrigerated
canning with water bath
how many black tea leaves are required per 125 ml of milk + 25 ml of water ? 
what do i substitute for greek yogurt in a pizza dough ? 
how do you properly clean a cutting board and knife to prevent cross contamination ? 
what is the difference between french-pressed and turkish coffee ? 
looking for a substitute for onions
baking time versus number of items in oven
i have seaweed salad with sesame flavor .  what are some good ways to garnish it or nice things to garnish with it ? 
pumpkin rotting ,  need to process it now - any ideas with a long shelf life ? 
what are the transparent strands in this salad ? 
how can i sharpen my chef ' s knives at home ? 
sous vide chuck roast or chuck steaks ? 
should bubbles be forming only in center of pot when simmering ?   ( dutch oven on gas burner ) 
how to choose non-alcoholic beverage pairings for filets mignon ? 
is it safe to make chicken stock ,  forgot to turn crock pot on ! 
nutritonal facts of a recipe
is there a basic ,  universal recipe for cupcakes ? 
what is the basic technique for cooking amaranth ? 
can i freeze marinated chicken breasts ? 
is there a bread you can mix in the evening ,  leave overnight ,  and bake in morning ? 
deep frying - taste difference in saturated vs .  unsaturated oil
softening ice cream with guar gum
what is a good fish for cooking crumbed  /  battered ? 
how to form cookie dough into rolls ? 
is it possible to do sous vide cooking in a crock pot ? 
how much weight does pasta gain when boiled ? 
reliable cookie-to-butter ratio for crumb crusts
how do i fix curdled marscarpone cheese ? 
what is a non-pork substitute for italian sausage ? 
how does foil protect a sandwich in the [toaster] oven ? 
which thickeners work well with dairy ? 
how to check freshness of paneer
how can i stabilize a berry coulis ? 
should i refrigerate hot sauce ? 
effect of the type of oil on a vinaigrette ' s texture ? 
making subway-like salads at home w /  zero work
can dried shrimp be used as a substitute for shrimp paste in a recipe for thai curry paste ? 
how can i cut lots of cherry tomatoes in half quickly and evenly ? 
when is the best time to use my sourdough starter ? 
whipped cream without a mixer ? 
what is bosnian black honey ? 
is there a way to forestall vanilla bean marrow falling to bottom of crme ? 
how to tell if frozen mussels are good ? 
why do we soak and squeeze gelatine ? 
is there a searchable food catalog of usda organic products ? 
what is a "fruit protector" as a recipe ingredient ? 
how to dress sushi to better enhance all its flavours ? 
how to succeed with making omelette
adding sugar and honey to sourdough culture
air bubble on surface of chocolate
when making fried rice ,  how does the amount of heat affect the taste of the food ? 
microwave surface temperatures too hot
how can you make better tasting water with silver pulver and mocca master ? 
at what temperature should one bake a coconut crust for a hershey bar pie ? 
what can i do to make sure plaice filet doesn ' t get dry ? 
do bananas ripen better in rice sacks ? 
why do choc chip cookies change with different temperature butter ? 
parchment paper and crumb crusts ? 
bubble tea - instant or traditional pearls
is it possible to make a jam-setting gelling agent at home ? 
where can i get local grains in bulk ? 
is great gluten-free extruded pasta possible ? 
tortilla de patatas: flip and slide ,  or slide and flip ? 
no-melt chocolate coating on ice cream bars
how to properly make maple foam ? 
can overcooked caramel be harmful ? 
do slow cookers require liquid to operate ? 
why does tomato not dissolve when i make curry
how do you dry homemade pasta so that it stays straight ? 
potato starch as a pie thickener ? 
should i throw away a jar of olives that fizzed and bubbled upon opening ? 
how do you properly soak and cook barley ? 
cooling jelly without a refrigerator
what varieties of potato would be good for chips  /  french fries ? 
potatoes boiled with skin on makes less gluey mash ? 
how should i boil green beans to keep them crisp ? 
using unused pickling juice
how long can i keep thawed vacuum-packed fish in the fridge ? 
what is the reason for weighing a slice of fish ? 
how can i check if a blind baked dough is done ? 
mixing liquid margarine and water
how to prevent shitakes from sticking to pan when sauteeing ? 
crispy dilly beans
can raw soured milk be used to make cheese
why do some eggs crack while being boiled ? 
what cooking / grilling applications are more suitable for smokers than standard bbq ' s ? 
slow cook pork shoulder without it falling apart
which materials used for plates absorb microwaves ? 
how long can boiled eggs be stored in the fridge ? 
substituting vinegars
is it possible to overmarinade a steak ? 
turn leftover icing into buttercream icing ? 
stuffed peppers that don ' t burn on to the pot
recomendations in freezer use
how to beat one or two egg yolks ? 
what is the difference between alaskan king salmon and scottish salmon ? 
why shouldn ' t a precooked pie be frozen ? 
why add salt to the water when cooking pasta ? 
cookie dough made from pie crust
does cooking wine go bad like regular wine ? 
are n2o and co2 chargers interchangeable for culinary purposes ? 
does "the canned spinach taste" have a name ?  other than "the canned spinach taste" ? 
keeping pizza crust from getting soggy from fresh tomatoes
metalic foil on indian sweets
does active dry yeast really expire ? 
is there a way to make falafel without deep frying ? 
what do i need to know about temperature and food safety ? 
how long should meat be brined for in a 10 percent solution ? 
hand cranked ceramic conical burr coffee grinder ? 
how to choose a vinegar substitute if i only keep balsamic and rice vinegar ? 
pizza dough texture and workability
making cookies on a pizza stone
does paneer have to be cooked ? 
what makes the  ' cat poo '  coffee  ( kopi luwak )  flavour worth drinking ? 
frying mustard oils in indian tempering  ( tadka ) 
cooking white  ( cannellini )  beans: what went wrong ? 
butter cream icing substitutions for covering the cake with fondant
refrigerator in garage was turned off
safety of coffee in thermal flask ,  long periods of time
is one of these an appropriate substitute for a stewing hen for making chicken stock ? 
how do you get a poached egg to coagulate evenly and professionally ? 
how do you calculate volume of pasta from its weight after cooking down ? 
is there a more exact temperature for cold smoking ? 
what spice rub would be typically thai ? 
why do my hamburgers smoke ? 
which part of the coffee brew is best ? 
what can a half-ripe jackfruit be used for ? 
what is 00 flour and when should i use ? 
pasta storage oops ! 
how long should lamb leg steaks be cooked for ? 
how many pounds of fresh beef does it take to make a pound of beef jerky ? 
cooking tied-up ribeye
clarified butter ?  what should i know ? 
what causes seals to fail when canning ? 
how do i distribute pastry in a tube pan ? 
what is sour cream ? 
red and blue antimo caputo 00 flour
why does my coffee late taste different when pouring the milk before i add the coffee ? 
how to make a lattice pie crust ? 
what does simmer slowly mean with white soybeans ? 
what can i substitute for butter in alfredo sauce ? 
homemade fresh garlic dressing fridge life
pickle accompanying hotdogs ,  burgers ,  sandwiches in the us
why isn ' t my vinaigrette emulsifying properly ? 
cryovac tenderloin left in trunk of my car
how do you clear food that sticks to the cutting knife ? 
why is cream curdled in coffee ? 
why is there a watery run-off after cooking my bolognese ? 
how do i make sure that the meat cooks well and yet stays juicy on a bbq ? 
removing hair from pork belly
is this type of vegetable peeler effective ? 
reduce hotness of beef jerky
i am flying to macau from michigan and would like to take a kilo of frozen cured canadian bacon
which meat tastes different by gender ? 
how do i prepare ground flaxseed for consumption ?   ( if needed at all ) 
citrate buffer and ph range question
how long can a pitcher of tap water be left out ,  and still be drinkable ? 
what techniques or tricks make soft ,  flaky pastries instead of leathery ones ? 
changing single loaf bread into two smaller
eggs in pancakes ,  health hazard ? 
what ingredients can i add to food or gum recipes to add grittiness without any carbs ? 
bread too dense
what to do with a failed cake ? 
how to separate salt from chocolate ? 
what ' s the difference between tangzhong and levain ? 
leek ashes - why ? 
how do crispbread manufacturers use so few ingredients ? 
does cornstarch affect the ph of what i ' m cooking ? 
substitute ratio when using butter instead of shortening
odour removing metallic soap: what is it and how does it work ? 
potato and onion used in cheese & onion pasties
new cast iron wok-ruined ? 
why can applesauce be used in place of oil ? 
choc pudding ,  cook & serve hasn ' t thickened
why are parsnips sold pre-clipped ? 
cake burns on bottom
dangers associated with sous-vide temperature and time
is continuously simmering or refrigerating cooked soup a more effective way to prevent spoilage ? 
how to make smooth ice cream flavored with fresh fruit ? 
can ' t i just grease the baking sheet instead of using parchment paper
substuting cottage cheese for cream cheese in a cheesecake
how do i stabilize a lecithin-based foam ? 
lemon sweet yeast bread
goat cheese royale definition ? 
how long does it take to steam brown rice ? 
using the leftover oven heat
is there any reason to use fake white chocolate chips instead of the good stuff ? 
how long should i bake a hamburger meatloaf ,  and at what oven temperature ? 
how can this "bloody brain" cocktail be made without alcohol ? 
is it ok to use sour cream as substitute of sour yogurt ? 
garlic turning green ? 
how can i remove burnt smell from white sauce ? 
what is the best way to store stock in the freezer ? 
can you prepare vicyssoise a day ahead ,  then add cream and serve ? 
can i fit normal kenwood bowls in the major series
my beef roast is dry on top and soggy on the bottom ,  how to correct it ? 
how do i deal with silverskin in a steak without trimming away all the fat ? 
can i make gyoza with raw meat ? 
making bread in a bread maker using regular yeast not bread maker yeast
how to bake crushed peppermint into cake ? 
how do i pick the best potatoes at the supermarket ? 
how can i teach someone to taste for the correct amount of salt in a dish ? 
where should i store nori or laver after opening ,  and for how much time ? 
which type of japanese green tea has the highest amount of caffeine ? 
why the common basic taste of energy drinks is tutti-frutti ? 
why does freshly slaughtered chicken needs to be cooled down before cooking ? 
how can bitterness from dried mushrooms be avoided ? 
will cooking chicken longer in soup make it less tough and stringy ? 
is there a product available that is pre-gelatinized starch and what product name is it sold with ? 
how do i make my bread / buns super soft ? 
how do i tone down the intensity of raw onion ? 
do i need to sift flour for quick breads ? 
can fondant be frozen before covering the cake ? 
whisk eggs without an electric whisker
how can i keep hot food hot when transporting it ? 
can a jar that has had botulinum food in it be cleaned
how to get the flavors to meld when i add fruit and sugar to plain yogurt ? 
what is the most efficient way to squeeze water out of cooked spinach ? 
how to prevent "sweating" chocolate covered strawberries ? 
is slow cooking in an oven safe with long cooking times
will avocado stay fresh longer if stored in the refrigerator ? 
homemade tofu firmness
why are my olives discolouring in their brine ? 
making juice from fresh fruit
preparing slow cooked meats for the next day
what ' s the best way to grate chocolate ? 
how to reduce a sauce at the bottom of a baking dish ? 
reproduce korean bbq pork jerky
vegetarian gluten free savouries
can adding milk prevent a cake from rising ? 
toaster oven pan without the toaster oven
how can i reassure myself a given food is not a botulism risk ? 
what is the right use of bake and broil ? 
prevent crystallization and separation of corn syrup
how to taste a real ranch dressing outisde of the us
are the molecular gastronomy additives kosher ? 
how to cook insects ? 
bagels - baking soda or sugar in the water ? 
how to cook a thin crispy pizza on a pizza stone
how to transport several pies ? 
what kind of dough do you use to make typical american donuts ? 
what are preaseasoned cast iron pans preseasoned with ? 
how to make semi-hard ,  unripened brined cheese
fix my waffle recipe
what type of cookie to use ,  when an australian recipe calls for "crushed biscuits" ? 
how is beer classified into different types ? 
how are mozzarella cheese sticks  ( string cheese )  formed ? 
is it possible to cook a meatloaf using clear glass pyrex containers ? 
is pyrex safe to use on a gas burner ? 
can nutmeg be substituted in for mace ? 
how to make kidney beans tender ? 
what is the typical consistency of a roux ? 
why did pork tenderloin go pink in the fridge ? 
red spots found in active dry yeast
how can i reduce the sliminiess of okra ? 
what varities of chili peppers are most commonly used in italy
making pickles or preserves from hedgehog cucumbers  ( cucumis africanus ) 
steeping green tea leaves - how many times can i steep them ,  and do they lose flavanoids over steeps ? 
what can be done with bitter carrots ? 
how to make boiled and partially fried vegetables palatable ? 
what can i do to help prevent flatulence from beans ? 
why are non-orange coloured carrots so uncommon ? 
can you rehydrate phyllo dough ? 
what vegetable for sauteed zucchini could i use instead of tomatoes ? 
do restaurants regularly disinfect baskets and trays ? 
how do i make the chicken absorb more salt by freezing it ? 
best bets for fresh fish for sushi / sashimi ? 
advice for adding pumpkin to pancakes ? 
why am i getting runny whipped cream from my isi canister ? 
uses for thick "country-style" phyllo ? 
how to convert a recipe calling for active dry yeast into rapid rise yeast ? 
oven cleaning help and tips
smoking without wood chips
which vinegars are essential to keep on hand ? 
what is the meaning of the term whole grain ? 
what is the best sugar for sweet short crust pastry ? 
temperature to disable enzymes in soy beans
clarification on the process for making fudge
is there a reason to have a plastic bowl ? 
how to make pancakes / crepes without eggs nor any liquids besides water ? 
why does my cheese sauce solidify
thickening eggs with cornstarch
what is the best way to thicken the liquid in this recipe ? 
poaching an egg in frying canola oil
what ' s the best way to season a carbon steel pan ? 
how can i make flour more white when under process in flour mill
what is the easiest way to grind poppy seeds ? 
why does food cooked in the microwave heat inside-out ? 
how do i roll or wrap up pasta into a log-like shape for presentation ? 
i ruined my dumplings in the crock pot
do beignets have to sit overnight ? 
why does my pavlova always look like this ? 
can i substitute almond milk for heavy cream in chocolate glaze ? 
adding parsley at the beginning of making chicken stock
what is coffee garlic ? 
how to convert knife edge angle "ratios" into degrees ? 
canned yams vs .  fresh
how to soft boil an egg
can pickled pepper oil be used as cooking oil ? 
how long can i store cooked rice in the refrigerator ? 
why did my hot pepper oil get moldy ? 
how do i prepare arabic coffee in a stone dallah ? 
chicken marinade with soy sauce - have i done something wrong ? 
toasting bagel in my oven
making sourdough bread in a warm and humid climate
can i reheat a frozen creamy mushroom sauce twice ? 
how to slice smoked salmon really thinly ? 
does the speed of opening of a bottle of wine influence its flavour ? 
is sweet-tasting raw kale normal ? 
cakes cooked in same tin but come out different sizes
what is the reason for adding tomato paste when making a brown stock ? 
why did my sponge cake go moldy so quickly ? 
how to add pistachios in a white chocolate mudcake
what is the best way to reheat a sub-style sandwich ? 
how do you keep turkey from getting too dry ? 
mixing liquid ingredients to "just combine" to dry ingredients for muffins
is it okay to use a microwave in convection mode without the turntable ? 
semi-freezing ripe avocado for easier handling
can you freeze jalapenos ? 
please help me identify this jamie oliver cookbook
do i finish a day-ahead sauce before or after refrigerating ? 
what vegetables should i add to a japanese curry ? 
how to simulate an oven when what you actually have is a gas stove ? 
what is the difference between thick and liquidy cupcake batters ? 
use of robotics in gourmet kitchens
can dough be knead with a rolling pin ? 
should i avoid meat broth when cooking for vegetarians ? 
what is the difference between sea salt and regular table salt ? 
what is the closest substitute for the cheese in urnebes ? 
will old corn meal ruin muffins ? 
how should i layer the ingredients in a taco salad ? 
why is my chicken all rubbery ? 
what are some good resources for learning knife skills ? 
how to avoid getting arm hair in food ? 
is there a difference between paneer butter masala ,  matar paneer ,  malai kofta gravy ? 
is it safe to eat pumpkins grown specifically for carving ? 
ceramic cooktop  ( non induction )  getting damaged after use
how long does cooked tvp keep in the fridge ? 
purple skin with white flesh yams / sweet potatoes have black / green spots after i boil them .  can i still eat them ? 
what is the difference between expensive wine and regular wine ? 
is there a good technique for cooking chestnuts ? 
why blanche vegetables before freezing ? 
removing the flavour of smoke
how to cook a pot roast without it tasting like vegetables
brown blob in natural maple syrup ? 
ok to "recook" partially cooked poultry ? 
what happened to my macarons ? 
grilling duck - how can i get the fat ? 
how to economically make home-made sushi ? 
is there an alternative wrapping for tamales ? 
will using 4 year old unsalted butter make one sick ? 
i need a substitute for acids in my food . 
lamian  ( hand pulled noodles )  technique question
what is the practical way to peel off zest of an orange ? 
is there a difference in tepid water and lukewarm water ? 
how much sorrel is safe to eat ,  and does cooking affect this amount ? 
thai chicken and noodles recipe recreation
what foods / preparations demonstrate the flavor difference between sea salt and table salt ? 
oil-like stain when cooking with gas
can durian be used as a cocktail ingredient ? 
how many jumbo double yolk eggs should i substitute for large eggs ? 
is it safe to eat freezer food with bad odours ? 
what to make with a very high hydration dough ? 
marinate pork loin overnight ? 
my chicken breasts release a lot of fluid when cooked .  how do i prevent this ? 
what kinds of pressure cookers are there ,  and what are they good for ? 
white stains on stainless steel
downside of  ' turbo '  mode on rice cooker ? 
what is a substitute for milk when making ham balls ? 
help with ground beef seasoning: flavors are weak
how to prevent my marshmallows from melting in my hot cocoa ? 
why is yeast used in bread making ? 
mashing bananas for muffins: by hand or with blender ? 
how to truss a chicken ? 
can i partially bake a pie ? 
flavors in fresca
when used for measuring ingredients in cooking what is the difference between a "dry ounce" and a "liquid ounce" ? 
what can be done to thin chocolate for dipping ? 
how to get rid of foam on shaken cocktails
difference between chicken and duck eggs ? 
best gas-stove cost effective alternative ? 
how should you go about heating a pan before adding oil ? 
eggless brownie ,  cake ,  dessert recipes
do successful french macarons really need precise weight measurements ? 
how much does a cup of nutella weigh ? 
reusing pickle brine
anise ,  pepper ,  cinnamon ,  cloves and fennel better known ? 
what are the key ingredients in worcester sauce ? 
what is the science or chemistry of the creaming method in baking ? 
steak has bits of horrible bitter / liquid like chunks of meat
what oils are "required" for a decent home kitchen ? 
is it normal for flames to come up through the slots on each side of the bottom of the oven ? 
smallest muffin size without losing the muffin top ? 
how to butter and flour the chimney of a bundt form
making a carvable cake
potato and macaroni salads soak up all the mayo when i store them
pulled pork too sweet
rendering fat by sous vide
how do i get the salt out of my chinese take out
storing / transporting nut brittle in tins
how much powdered gelatin to one gelatin leaf ? 
what does it mean in a recipe to "steep the gelatin" ? 
making fudge or candy while it is raining or snowing
is it possible to bake bread or the like using a stovetop tagine ? 
why does barnaise separate as opposed to crme brle or lemon curd ? 
how can i detect bad-fed or fast-fed chicken eggs before buying ? 
how can i make the best use of prime beef ? 
how can i get unsweetened gluten-free chocolate brownies to hold together ? 
can i substitute whole anchovies for anchovy paste ? 
why does my rice smell ? 
how can i evenly grill a thin steak on a skillet ? 
which type of pan can you recommend for pan-frying tofu ? 
baked creamy chicken enchilada casserole
can i "re-caramelize" meat after a failed braising attempt ? 
why didn ' t my puff pastry "puff" ? 
what ' s the proper way to muddle mint for a julep or mojito ? 
macaron feet are large and can ' t know how to work with my conventional oven when baking them
what is your training regimen for developing your palate ? 
how to remove unwanted aftertaste from food
increasing my pancake recipe .  . are soda and salt in a different ratio than the other ingredients ? 
how to keep baked seitan from being too tough ? 
how to do a beer-butt chicken ? 
make homemade seitan taste like commercial
difference between sweating and sauteing ? 
baker ' s percentages for baked doughnuts ? 
can salt be inserted in unshelled peanuts ?  do natural peanuts taste salty ? 
what is the source of smoky flavor for barbecued foods ? 
what does "until fork tender and the juices run clear" mean and how do i tell ? 
how am i supposed to heat a pie-iron-style pizzelle iron ? 
what makes certain fruits work well in savory dishes ? 
meaning of do not thaw for frozen food
is asking for a "chinese menu" in a chinese restaurant a common way to get more authentic dishes ? 
how do i sweeten a mulled or spiced wine that is too tart ? 
green gooey stuff when removing head from raw shrimp
best way to remove seeds when making jam and still have it called jam
would a cream based sauce go well with steaks ? 
how can i bake normally fried foods ? 
is carob bean cooked when used as a thickener ? 
low hassle ,  knead-free doughs
which of these ingredients / additives assist in the longevity of frozen ,  microwavable foods ? 
do popovers serves as the starch and the bread in a meal ? 
should ciabatta sandwich rolls be dry and dense ? 
what is vietnamese pho ?  what exactly does it consist of ? 
does adding salt before cooking toughen scrambled eggs ? 
can anyone identify this red ginseng candy ? 
yeast dough won ' t go "stretchy"
what causes the black discoloration on this plastic electric teakettle ? 
why can heating things in a microwave make them soggy ? 
how do i make the panko bread stick to my egg-coated chicken ? 
what type of cookies does the author rose levy talk about in christmas cookies book ? 
what are the key differences between lemons and meyer lemons ? 
coconut milk ice cream - getting volume ? 
chicken has a strong ,  offensive chemical odor when boiled . 
what are the effects of thawing food at low temperatures ? 
how  ( or is )  "low & slow" turkey safe ? 
how can i easily get water to a desired temperature ? 
how to create a muffin recipe
why to remove skin and seeds of tomatoes when we puree them ? 
gluten free baked good coming out bitter
looking to start cooking .  .  .  . but i ' m a total noob .  where should i start ? 
why does my corn flour dough feel like wet sand ? 
what is the function of this shallow ,  19-divoted ,  eared cast iron piece ? 
does jaggery need to be soaked ? 
microwaved rice ,  its not fluffy
ratio of cream / butter to cheese in alfredo with high fat cheeses ? 
are calcium and magnesium lost by soaking beans ? 
what are the best type of skewers to use for ground meat kebabs ? 
deglaze in iron pan
is sausage casing edible ? 
tomato sauce - tomatoes ,  then juice vs tomatoes & juice
what ' s that scum at the sides of my home-made burger when i cook it ? 
how do i add healthy fats to my daughter ' s diet ? 
what is the best type of wood for a french rolling pin ? 
how do you make paneer ? 
can i use unsweetened baking cocoa raw ,  or do products with it in it need to be cooked ? 
how long does unopened ,  room temperature pop last ? 
what can i do with super runny icing ? 
why do my pizzas get such hard crusts ? 
how should i choose my next step as a cook ? 
cooked hamburger
how long can i let a steak rest after seasoning and before cooking ? 
why did people start using co2  ( instead of e . g .  oxygen )  for carbonated drinks ? 
sprouting potatoes in fridge ?  safe to eat ? 
does frozen broccoli need to be cooked to be eaten safely ? 
turn melted sugar back into granular ? 
vermouth for use in drinks - can i freeze it ? 
what is the proper / most common way to serve curry ? 
question about new sourdough starter ,  specifically smell
what is the correct timing when cooking spaghetti sauce from minced meat and prepared tomato sauce ? 
replacing egg whites with whole eggs when baking cookies
does brewing tea for longer result in higher caffeine content ? 
what is the "chili sauce" ingredient in this recipe ? 
what counters astringency ? 
how safe is it to harvest wild sassafras ? 
 ( how )  can i fry red lentils ? 
can alcohol and salt lengthen the shelf life of vegetables in room temperature ? 
what kind of olive oil should i use ? 
why is there cow cheese but no pig cheese ? 
substitute for whipped topping ? 
when is it ok to cook a burger medium ? 
colorful marshmallow
does type of starch used for thickening make a difference in a fruit sauce ? 
should i leave the peel in citrus sugar ? 
can i use apple cider vinegar instead of white wine vinegar for cooking ? 
how can i cook dried noodles with just hot water ? 
how do you stop banana flower soup from tasting astringent ? 
what is the easiest way to remove the papery covers from the peanuts ? 
what ' s the most appropriate way to thaw hamburger meat ? 
replace cornflour in soup
how to prep jicama - is peeling necessary ? 
butterscotch pudding clumps
uses for cheap beer ? 
what is wrong with the pan in which i make my caramels ,  and what kind of pan should i be using ? 
substitute for fresh ham
what can i use in place of quinoa flour ? 
will peeled garlic cloves that are stored for later use lose their flavor ? 
cheesecake cooking time change with pan change ? 
what are the advantages of using a stove instead of an oven ? 
was my coffee actually supposed to be gritty ? 
dividing pizza dough to balls before baking
using toasted sesame oil in a cilantro "pesto" ? 
are there any drawbacks to cooking with limp celery ? 
is a stainless steel french press good to make coffee ? 
what can i do with an arm roast ? 
nutrient loss when baking in roasting pan
freezing tomatoes for winter ? 
what determines how well cheese melts
shelf stable "ganache"
what is the smoking point of salmon fillet oil ? 
what ingredients can be used to prevent rapid ice cream melting ? 
what flavorings do you use for sour pickles ? 
can i store dry ingredients  ( flour ,  baking powder ,  baking soda ,  etc )  together ? 
what to do with crumbled muffins ? 
electric smoking 2 pork loins ,  increase time and or temp ? 
reverse engineer the perfect japanese omelet
food safety mould on raw beets
how do the ingredients in baking powder work ? 
what is the liquid ingredient in a korma ? 
tofu - cooking technique for firm / chewy edges ? 
using soy meat in lasagna
how can i vacuum seal acidic ingredients with meat or poultry for freezing ? 
how to cover up bad jenever ? 
what natural emulsifier can i use for almond milk ? 
unsure why foam sauce doesn ' t hold
how do i make paneer firm and chewy like in the restaurant ? 
questions about cookware set
how do you make guava juice ? 
what sauce  /  spices can make a tofu steak taste like a beef steak
why is a glaze applied to the top of a hot cross bun ? 
black diamond cheddar ,  wedge not wheel
kutya- ukranian christmas recipe
would brining help the texture / flavor of ribs ? 
could i use chili powder in a homemade hot sauce recipe ? 
how to store red bean paste ? 
extracting banana flavour for an iced coffee
storing rice krispie treats
are there any situations where untempered chocolate is better than tempered ? 
ganache by pouring before fondanting a cake
looking for the name of a sweet green drink
how does the croatian system of flour categorization correspond to the systems of western europe and usa ? 
vibrancy of chocolate sauce
adjust flavor from inexpensive brandy
should i pre-boil then rinse chicken bones before making stock ? 
what ' s a good choice of steak to use for a steak pizza ? 
how long is tofu good for ? 
how to clean a microwave ? 
oatmeal used in apple crisp topping
best way to measure spaghetti / linguini portions ? 
why does the kneaded dough form a skin when exposed to air and what are the possible ways to prevent the skin formation ? 
freezing cooked turkey ,  ham and chicken slices
how do i convert a recipe from a stew to use a slow-cooker
combining two method of making dulce de leche from a can of sweetened condensed milk
vanilla extract vs .  vanilla powder
how to cook and plan meals when ingredients are not reliably available ? 
plain greek yogurt with finely chopped green onions dip
what are the ways of classifying bread ? 
how can i make sauerkraut to best preserve the probiotic elements ? 
stop rhubarb compote juice from leaking
did i make butter ,  or something else ? 
does sour-cream go bad ? 
stick wafer sticks to mudcake
how to measure tomatoes for making sauce ? 
burger / kraft slice style cheese
what method can i use to cook pumpkin seeds so that they turn out crunchy ? 
chinese rice vermicelli tastes of chemicals
how to make mint syrup with minimum water ? 
at what point is water considered "at a boil ? "
is it possible to make a marshmallow that isn ' t sweet ? 
is it safe to eat baby-potatoes ? 
is it safe to cook chicken soup if the water doesn ' t quite cover it ? 
how to organize a walk-in fridge for a mid-size kitchen ? 
how do you make the wishbone break easier ? 
what is the best way to store loose tea to maintain its freshness ? 
can i freeze  ( raw )  brussels sprouts to mimic the effects of frost ? 
what brine ingredients are effective ? 
how are belgian fries different than the average french fries found in north america ? 
how to create a gummy candy cake ? 
what herbs and spices are used in kentucky fried chicken ? 
can you make a mud cake using cooked quinoa instead of normal wheat flours
how do i glaze vegetables ? 
cooking polenta: is stirring for 30 minutes really necessary ? 
what would convert this chili recipe into a russian chili ? 
what is a vienna schnitzel ? 
freezing things like fettuccine alfredo
how to keep thick pured sauces from separating into solids and liquids ? 
is lemonade better when made with simple syrup ? 
sweet plums going tart as i chew
microwave asparagus ? 
pumpkin carpaccio: correct use of the name
how can i find out how to make clothbound cheddar cheese ? 
how to ship bread or bread dough ? 
preserving vegetables in the fridge
making beef stock
what is canadian-style sour cream ? 
which types of apples are considered to be "quick-cooking" apples ? 
avoiding grittiness with sichuan pepper
why would a pressure cooker shorten a braise time ? 
how to prevent burning when frying bread ? 
how do you poach chicken ? 
why aren ' t my potatoes cooked ? 
our broiler "ruins" pans when we use it
recommend indian cookbooks for a beginner / intermediate amateur
ham broth left out overnight
what biological factors affect a meat ' s taste ? 
how to know whether the teflon coated pan ' s life has reached end ? 
what sort of kebab is used with chellow kebab ? 
which speed setting of a mixer-grinder should be used for which purpose ? 
is it okay to eat gorgonzola cheese mold ? 
how can i make milk cocoa powder so it does not stick to the top and bottom ? 
how to cure beef jerky with a minimum of salt ? 
how much fresh yeast should i use if i want to use it instead of dry yeast ? 
how can i keep my reheated oats from sticking together ? 
what fish have deliciously edible skins ? 
what ratio of rice is needed for lentils to be a "complete protein" ? 
one base cake mix and then make several flavors
how do i impart "extra" flavor with sous vide cooking ? 
what are the advantages of serving fries in a metal cone ? 
flambe ,  alcohol percentage and water residue
i would like to prepare artichokes as a side dish ,  any preparation tips ? 
my black garlic cooking in a rice cooker went brown and hard before black any ideas ? 
how to get more lactic acid vs acetic acid in sourdough ? 
bottling and storing cold-brewed coffee ? 
how long can a vinaigrette last if emulsified with raw egg ? 
dehydration temperatures for long-term preservation
how can i make this antique ginger wine recipe using ingredients available today ? 
how to keep celery crisp ? 
my kitchenaid mixer head will not lock in the down position .   how can i rectify this ? 
equivalent tomato products: paste ,  sauce ,  puree ,  diced ,  whole
what other italian cheese ( s )  could be substituted for parmesan in most recipes ? 
how can i melt cheese for dipping ? 
which spice gives brown colour to indian curry ? 
how can i make turkish dondurma ? 
can ' t get my puff pastry shells to rise
should i keep the meat boiled off of bones when making beef broth ? 
how do i stop my brownies from rising ? 
is it possible to "ripen" mushrooms after it ' s picked ? 
what is the us equivalent of "joint of sirloin" ? 
what ' s the difference between serving from a ceramic plate and metal plate ? 
what kind of flour keeps bread dough from sticking in a proofing basket ? 
what to do with unused scallops '  roe ? 
giant cream puff shells
why do frozen greens get fibrous and tough in the microwave ? 
when should i use convection when baking ? 
how can i get salt to stick better to buttered or oiled popcorn ? 
cooking rice with limited equipment
preventing chocolate from burning ,  when its used as the crust of a new york style cheesecake
cooking on a himalayan salt slab
get grade a produce ? 
is it safe to eat non-green tea leaves
reheating spinach
how to seal a jar with a jam so that it can be opened without breaking the lid ? 
drying picked beans  ( scarlet runners ) 
leaving the lid open in a soup
what is the difference between traditional mexican cooking and tex-mex ? 
how to make thick and fluffy pancakes ? 
we ' re trying to make hard crack candy , the humidity in the house is 50%
is that bechamel that gordon ramsay is adding to the lasagna ? 
fenugreek sprouts - how am i doing ?  am i done ? 
making raclette without special equipment or specific type of cheese
where do all the tough old birds go ? 
what are the different types of flours used in cooking idly ,  dosa ,  halwa ,  ladoo and upma ? 
tips for grilling duck legs ? 
freezing cooked chicken from the deli ? 
what was wrong with using white truffle oil ? 
is my biga supposed to be liquid ? 
will potatoes turn brown  /  gray in oil ? 
how do you avoid getting burnt by hot oil ? 
where can i buy a pipe for a weckmann in the us ? 
how to obtain rennet ? 
can nutritional yeast flakes be used as a bread leavening ? 
how do you safely bring ingredients normally stored cold to room temperature ? 
refreezing stock after boiling
how smooth is peanut butter ? 
using a dutch oven as a heavy skillet replacement
how is sassafras used in flavoring ? 
how to set yogurt in the room temperature between 20 to 16 degree centigrade ? 
how do i make my own chocolate chips ? 
how to recognize when american style chewy cookies are done ? 
vintage west bend slow cooker number settings verses hi low settings
can i put chicken marinade on chicken after it was almost cooked ? 
how do i prepare fresh clams for clam chowder ? 
can one become ill from consuming food smoked with wood that contains a common fungus ? 
does english breakfast tea equal assam tea ? 
are hop leaves edible ? 
should i be scared of chicken livers ?  can i make them less scary ?   ( ragu bolognese ) 
could rice or pasta be cooked without hot water ? 
tres leche without homemade cake ? 
cracked eggs & safety
chicken texture: store rotisserie v .  pressure cooker
corned beef vs pastrami
how do i make cumin and herb cheese at home ? 
yeast rolls spread when rising
ideas for a banana dessert crust ,  gluten free
giant meringue french pastry - what are these called ? 
amount per serving
covertin grilling time to oven time
what is the substitution ratio for mini marshmallows to large marshmallows ? 
can maple syrup be refrigerated after it was out for a few days ? 
how can two pies made and baked identically have differing flavor qualities ? 
commercial egg whites for whole eggs
can i make pickled eggs that don ' t require refrigeration ? 
stainless steel pan too hot ? 
tricks for removing sausage casing ? 
undercooked eggs that were in the pot plenty long
is it possible to freeze eggplant parmesan ?  if so ,  better to freeze before or after baking ? 
how to marinate cheese
how to make barley bread ? 
concern about my health .  mothballs contaminates my food
sushi rice should be transparent when cooked ? 
milk instead of water for sourdough ? 
how much coffee do i need to grind per 4 cups of coffee ? 
what exactly is "vegetable shortening" ? 
what to do with under ripe figs ? 
why was my last word cocktail red ? 
i ' m making chicken stock .  how can i keep the chicken meat / bones from rising above the water line ? 
arborio and risotto
why are jelly donuts usually raspberry flavored
how to break up a bread recipe ? 
what is the standard ratio of sugar to cream in crme chantilly ? 
what should i know about storing my homemade chili powder ? 
making dark chocolate at home
how long can melted salted caramel last ? 
how briny should the water be when soaking broccoli to remove bugs ? 
in brewing coffee ,  do i need to use filtered water and what kind of filter should i use ? 
how long can i microwave microwaveable plastic containers for ? 
how long should meat be steamed for ? 
a vegan alternative to quorn ? 
can i substitute low fat greek yogurt for light sour cream in a high speed blender ? 
how much salt should be used in dishes for the best flavor ? 
how do i avoid fibrous ,  dry beans ? 
how long and how can i hold meringue before macaronage ? 
can uht milk be used to make yogurt ? 
at what point is a beef stew being overcooked ? 
is a steak ok to eat if it fell down ,  but i cooked it afterwards ? 
microwaving scrambled eggs
is there an authoritative source on whether salt affects pasta stickiness ? 
is it safe to eat a pork loin that has been refrigerated for 6 days ? 
can i use parchment paper for all cookies
seasoning chili for young children
what is the advantage to using a knife beveled on one side only ? 
couldn ' t snap the bones in my chicken stock
why is tsuyu sauce for cold soba noodles served on the side ? 
baking soda for soaking chickpeas
substitute for pig products
adding spiciness to indian curry at the end of cooking
cooking rhubarb with soda
what is the minimum time for a decent meat marinade ? 
what is the function of oil in baking / roasting ? 
using chakki atta instead of whole wheat flour ? 
how to cut peanut brittle
what color grapes are "malaga grapes" ? 
what ' s a good technique for freezing blueberries ? 
how to get rid of weevils ? 
how do i prevent my tempura chicken from getting soggy with time ? 
how long can an uncooked roast sit on the counter ? 
i have a question about food safety
kitchenaid mixers ,  which one to pick ? 
what other cut of meat can replace pork shank ? 
using minced onion instead of powder onion ,  will it change the expiration date of the final product ? 
should shortbread cookies be lightly browned ? 
are any kind of wood-chips good enough for smoking ? 
how can i prepare left over stir fry for the fridge ? 
reducing spice in sauce
substitute for lemon grass in curry dish
how do i make soft chapattis ? 
is it possible to create the flavour of a food by using the component chemicals ? 
added more yogurt to curry - can i fix it ? 
can guava seeds be used to make a coffee-like drink ? 
saving seasoned flour used for dredging chicken
roti canai cooking tips ? 
what parameter is best to increase - time or temperature ? 
sanitizing carbon steel chefs knife
lemonade as a base for steak marinade
cooking pizza in tiny gas oven with pizza stone
why do many recipes instruct you to oil or grease the pan at the start of the recipe ? 
funky taste - oil or fat ? 
storing knives in knife sheaths
difference between types of thai black soy sauces  ( healthy boy brand ) 
substitute sherry for wine in sour dough cookies ? 
what is a kitchen rag ? 
what ' s the purpose of clarifying butter ? 
making a literal thousand-layer cake ? 
what are the pros and cons of coarse and fine coffee ground ? 
how can i keep my split pea soup from becoming too thick during storage ? 
should i use my microwave ' s  ' popcorn '  button ? 
what is a more common substitute for shaoxing cooking wine ? 
how to make chicken absorb more salt when cooking a soup ? 
surface tension in food
should iodized salt be avoided when salting meat ? 
how to soften diced meat that was has had too much of its juices leave from being cooked too long ? 
does preferment add sourness to taste of bread ? 
how can i make low sodium  ( 140mg or less per serving )  pancakes  /  waffles ? 
using glucose instead of fructose
can lemon juice concentrate be used after the use-by-date ? 
does placing a metal spoon in an open bottle of sparkling wine  ( etc .  .   .  )  help keep its fizz ? 
can state of chicken affect brine ? 
have strawberries changed or have i ? 
do i need to pre-cook bacon when adding it to a quiche ? 
how can you achieve the glazed top in a mille-feuille ? 
rolling out after or before the leavening process ? 
fluffy matzo balls
counter to bitterness in soup
super soft fried shrimp in a light batter
culinary uses for juniper extract ? 
how to make fluffy ( not crunchy )  quinoa ? 
the persimmon jam makes my tongue dry
horizontal cuts when dicing an onion
when do i freeze tamales ? 
oil in ramen broth
ratios of flour-egg-chicken ?  simple breading
new to sous vide and not having any luck
place oil on cold or hot skillet ? 
how to dry out mash - added too much milk
why do crisp bread rolls have more water than soft bread rolls ? 
french red rice  ( camargue )  versus italian red rice  ( rosso selvaggio )  ? 
do you need to pre-heat a gas oven ? 
steamer with single vent instead of bottom holes
how can i preserve squid ink
can i save time by baking banana bread using the convection setting of my oven ? 
how to make stiff mashed potatoes ? 
what is the lowest and slowest way i can bake pork ribs ? 
how long ,  optimally ,  should you marinate chicken or beef ? 
what is the name for this technique to prepare eggs ? 
pans with ceramic coating useful ? 
ingredients to get started with indian cuisine
how can i make mcdonald ' s type french fries
should i prick sausages during cooking ? 
refrigerate cooked mung bean porridge
should i boil canned sweetened condensed milk before using like i do for different types of canned food ? 
is there such a thing as pork stock ? 
how to consistently get golden beads on meringue topping ? 
what does baking time in oven depend on ? 
how is one supposed to properly eat multi-level hamburgers ? 
why does fish broth made with frozen fish lack flavour ? 
what can i do to make beaten egg puffier and fluffier ? 
why does some cake make your tongue thick ,  and how to prevent it ? 
how to cut the wax from this cheese ? 
freeze cauliflower ? 
what is this type of squid ,  and what should i do with it ? 
are there any substitutes for honey when trying to activate yeast ? 
what are the best burger buns available in the uk ? 
how to bake a sponge cake in a grill microwave oven
what ingredient ,  besides beans ,  creates a complete protein together with rice ? 
why did the bottom of my stainless steel pan burn during seasoning ? 
easiest way to peel pomelos ? 
effects of making smoothies in advance
how to prepare a ginger lime drink mixer ? 
looking to add some texture to my tomato soup recipe
what is the point of a baking rack ? 
what is "pork brisket ? "
how can i quickly save a tasteless curry ? 
my meringue forms syrup beads on top
reheat cooked meat in microwave
are there things you cannot freeze ? 
how do i avoid botulism formation when vacuum sealing and freezing raw chopped vegetables ? 
how do i avoid gummy ,  unworkable pasta dough ? 
why do burgers sometimes fall apart on the grill ? 
bean selection for a chili recipe
how to prevent dry chicken in soup ? 
am i making this noodle correctly ? 
what should i look for when buying a pasta roller ? 
why are my metal tools scraping off the patina of my wok ? 
do i need to wash my tongs between handling raw meat in pan ? 
when should i add proofed yeast to a bread machine ? 
what is the difference between sauting and stir frying ? 
how do i convert a powdered seasoning into cube  ( bouillon )  form ? 
what is the difference between atlantic and steelhead farmed salmon in taste and how to cook ? 
kids lunch box - suggestion for fruit smoothie packaging
is teflon dangerous ? 
is there a milk-free sour cream ? 
an efficient way to zest key limes ? 
what ' s the difference between greek and bulgarian feta cheese
why won ' t my potatoes crisp ? 
what type of paprika is the generic stuff one buys at a grocery store chain ? 
how to remove cardamom seeds from rice
amount of caffeine per bean of starbucks bagged coffee  ( big secret i guess ) 
how to dry homemade pork sausages with proper humidity and temperature ? 
pressure canning instructions
how do you make general tso ' s chicken as generally found in the eastern usa ? 
gelling agents closest to normal gelatin that set at room temperature
soak meat in water to get rid of smell ? 
what is the brown sauce in authentic chinese fried rice ? 
hominy making methods
how to stop sugar syrup from crystallizing ? 
gluten & msg free substitute for parmesan ? 
counteract the negative effects of spicy ingedients with other ingredients
siphon for testing new recipes: 250ml or 500ml ? 
barbecue sauce with 12% vinegar
how do i make vanilla sauce without air bubbles ? 
what to do with too-dry sun dried tomatoes ? 
my chest freezer is going out . 
who provides sugar free chocolate ? 
cooked cornbeef left out for 10 hours
chili with bitter aftertaste and not enough kick
how does pepper enhance / increase the saltiness of a dish ? 
do i need special gloves for mozzarella stretching ? 
besides salmon ,  what other meats can be grilled on a cedar plank ? 
inside of the cookies turn up soft ,  almost uncooked ? 
properly melting butter and sugar together for butterscotch bar recipe
keep macaroni cheese creamy after refrigerating
can one get sick from drinking too much home made water kefir ? 
how to season  /  care for a bundt pan ? 
is italian style gelato achievable with standard home ice cream makers and home freezers ? 
difference between brown sugar and white sugar ? 
should ghee be kept out of light ? 
what are the optimal conditions in making wild yeast starter ? 
can i replace treacle with molasses in my fruit cake ? 
what is this technique where they add a thick sauce and spread it out with the back of a spoon
is a "cup" on a coffee maker always 6 oz ?  is this a standard in the us ? 
how to make a sandwich bread with a very soft crust ?  and what is the ideal temperature to bake sandwich bread ? 
maintaining sourdough starter
bread dough only rises once
cleaning oil sprayer pump
never ending soup; is it actually safe ? 
what good substitutes for saffron exist ? 
distinguishing the size of tablecloths when folded ? 
what is the difference between french and british cuts of beef ? 
how do i make egg drop soup thick and golden ? 
purpose of cooking oil
how to judge quantity of fresh pasta dough per person
my ginger is moist and floppy .  .  .  has it spoiled ? 
can i freeze chicken defrost it and eat cold for lunch ? 
english translation of gastronomie pratique
how long would a no-bake cheesecake last ? 
chocolate bars - actual shelflife vs expiration date
why isn ' t my espresso coffee nice and strong ? 
what is dry cottage cheese ? 
burning from pepper ? 
how can i tell when chicken thighs are sufficiently cooked to eat ? 
how can i create a drinkable ice slurry ? 
old ,  unpasteurized orange juice has extra tang
can i rest my ciabatta dough overight ?   ( experiment results ) 
why isn ' t my american-style baked cheesecake very sweet or rising significantly ? 
how to fry carnitas ? 
traditional italian pasta: with or without eggs ? 
should i peel boskoop apples for a pie ? 
is there any substitute for vital wheat gluten ? 
2000g sourdough boule in medium sized dutch oven
how important are eggs for a muffin recipe ? 
what is the texture / taste difference between cured and uncured bacon ? 
what does it mean if human dna is in hot dogs ? 
why can ' t i scale up jam / jelly recipes ? 
what ' s the hungarian ashkenazi yiddish name for burned rice at the bottom of the pot ? 
how long can eggs sit out ? 
tricks for knowing when a cheesecake is correctly done
compensating for extra moisture from cold flour
how can i clean the brush that i am using for burnt pots ? 
homemade golden ginger ale
cake projector alternatives
how do you prepare squid tentacles ? 
how to keep sauce spices in suspension
how to tell if a whipping cream dispenser is overpressurized or underpressurized ? 
what are the impacts of a worn pizza stone ? 
how do i cut savoriness of a dish ? 
amount of time boiling gnocchi
why does water leak from a refrigerator ? 
what went wrong with my brownies ? 
can the cadbury creme egg ' s filling be bought independently ? 
proper cook times for mushrooms ,  onions ,  and peppers
roast cooked all night
my toasted couscous didn ' t soften properly .  why ? 
what ' s the proper procedure of making ghee ? 
easiest way to bread chicken for frying ? 
why do tomatoes get so hot ? 
what special knowledge or skills about coffee do baristas have ? 
seasoning cast iron pan but without using bacon or lard
ingredients injected into chicken breast
why does sourness taste in yogurt increases with time ? 
what ' s the difference between jam ,  jelly ,  and preserves ? 
can you make popcorn in a pressure cooker ? 
why does my homemade hemp milk smell like sulfur ? 
can i freeze muffin mixture ? 
how to make white risotto
what do i do with one cracked egg ? 
what is on top of this and how do you make it ? 
is there a simple way to make refried beans ? 
how can i keep my blueberry pie firm without the flavor of corn starch ? 
parmesan cheese substitute
when to add vanilla beans to a sauce ? 
what is the purpose of nutritional yeast ? 
 ' lighter '  version of american breakfast
does turkish delight have to be this difficult ? 
how to tell when water reaches 100 degrees fahrenheit without a candy thermometer for the purposes of disolving gelatin ? 
is raw coconut safe to eat ? 
is it ever more accurate to measure by volume rather than by weight ? 
what can be cooked on a stovetop grill pan ? 
how does salmonella get into eggs ? 
what ' s the numbering system for spaghetti and does it matter ? 
fat in chicken skin after boiling
where can i find a hand blender like this ? 
how can i make vegetarian marshmallows ? 
what ' s the point of "draining" yogurt ? 
can you use baking powder in a breading ? 
what is the rind of brie cheese made of ? 
what are the best suggestions for cutting gloves
how long can a packet of sliced ham be used once opened ? 
how to cook pancakes without spreading that horrible smell of burnt oil ? 
can string cheese be frozen ? 
what are the consequences of leaving the fridge 2 inches open overnight ? 
non-quick cooking couscous - is that a real thing anywhere ? 
how to prevent apples from turning brown
kale vs spinach in zuppa toscana lasting
what purpose does coffee serve in a chocolate cake recipe ? 
sharing a kitchen space with other companies
how to serve oranges so it is easy for guests to enjoy them ? 
cooking cauliflower so it doesn ' t fall apart ? 
when making french press coffee ,  what is the purpose of blooming the grounds ? 
fell asleep with slow cooker on warm for 9 - 10 hours ?  still good ? 
what to serve at a cheese tasting ? 
how can i keep fruit salad fresh longer
hot chocolate and cheese  ( colombian special ) 
blue floaters in canned hot peppers
what is the purpose of turning a pot roast  ( and can i do without it )  ? 
what is the best way to chip your butter when making biscuits ? 
how can i make yeast- and gluten-free pizza dough ? 
why would iqf shrimp say "do not force thaw under running water" ? 
problem with gummy-bears being too much like jelly
why does eating cauliflower with spicy food help to take away the spciy burning feeling in your mouth ? 
chocolate used for decoration
why do chicken wings turn chewy if cooled between cookings ? 
why is my meat grinder getting clogged with sinew ? 
raspberry infused vodka
making nutella flow smoothly
factors affecting meringue crispness
how do i get rid of burn marks in my pots ? 
are there any oven only or stove-top only cast iron recipes ? 
roasting an eggplant for "neapolitan eggplant parmesan"
why does food cook differently in a double-boiler ? 
tips for cooking seared tuna just right ? 
what happens if i wash my baker ' s couche ? 
are these grocery store oyster mushrooms ok to eat ? 
should i roast meat / bones before making stock out of it ? 
different ways for aging steaks
how far in advance can i stage pizza ? 
will wine marinade kill bacteria ? 
indoor grilling
does the "german" in "german chocolate cake" refer to the chocolate or the cake ? 
sourcing and storing avocado
meat thermometer for caja china ? 
where to get creamy poblano pepper casserole recipe mix in the uk ? 
what does it mean for a flour to be "strong" or "reinforced" ? 
curries from scratch ,  a beginners guide
what previously manual techniques should i use a stand mixer for ? 
what is this french cuisine technique called ,  where "a piece of pheasant meat is cooked between two slices of veal ,  which are then discarded ? "
how to deal with an inaccurate oven thermostat
what can i do with paprika jelly ? 
does freezing butter or margarine change the properties ? 
how long can frosting with butter ,  powdered sugar ,  salt ,  vanilla ,  and milk ,  that is covered with fondant be left out of the refrigerator ? 
what type of cheesecake is the most common in southern us supermarkets ? 
how much pepper sauce could you get out of a carolina reaper ? 
looking for edible paper
substitutions for "european style" butter in croissants
what is the purpose of using potato peels for seasoning a cast iron pan ? 
is there a reliable source for clean dry beans ? 
how can i cook my dumplings without a bamboo steamer ? 
is it bad to cook frozen meat without waiting it to be unfrozen ? 
how much do i reduce the sugar when using a sweeter fruit in a pie filling ? 
how to get that crispy skin on a roasted turkey or chicken
should a roast be covered in liquid in a slow-cooker ? 
can you freeze chopped zucchini ? 
carrot pie: custard or stew ? 
turn passata into tomato paste ? 
what is red chinese bbq sauce called ? 
why do they put the jelly-like substance in pork pies ? 
how to know if dover sole is fresh ? 
used pan .  .  .  .  old oil .  .  .  .  can this pose a risk before washing ? 
how to choose the right diameter size of saucepans ? 
recovering from over salted sauerkraut
what ' s an inexpensive substitute for port wine ? 
can i freeze cranberry sauce ? 
cake undercooked or too wet ? 
does garbage disposal horse power matter that much ? 
can you reconstitute garlic powder ? 
how do i make my pizza crust go from limp to crisp ? 
what are the benefits of using natural casing when making sausages ? 
how should i prepare my hens and chicks to eat ? 
do quality adjectives have a standard ? 
how can i replace canned tomatoes with fresh ? 
dangers to continuing to cook an unfinished torte ? 
ingredients vs .  temperature control in chocolate fudge
baked sweet potato french fries  ( chips )  too soft ,  how to crispen ? 
what is "pastry butter" ? 
do people eat clotted cream and butter at the same time ? 
why are these mushroom stems leaving a long ,  skinny fiber behind on the cap ? 
how to tell if it is real sourdough ? 
conservation of ground beef
avoiding gritty cockles
why would chicken have significant regional differences in flavor ? 
using sauce as a soup base
how do you grill shish kabobs so they aren ' t so chewy ? 
chop nuts before or after toasting ? 
mathris broke as soon as i added it into medium hot oil
using deep fried oil for regular frying
what is an appropriate humidity for separating curds and whey ? 
why are dark roast beans usually used for espresso ? 
did i blanch baby-cut carrots correctly ? 
how do you prepare jello with fruit pieces ? 
what is the difference between light and dark soy sauce ? 
what are the modern or recommended ways of cooking corn on the cob ? 
how to keep my oven evenly heated
physical method to season steaks
why does my ln2 evaporate so quickly ? 
what ' s the best way to get a charcoal taste on a propane grill ? 
how to make cakes / scones that won ' t go off ,  for display purposes
stock vs broth - what ' s the difference in usage ? 
what ' s the difference between tamari and soy sauce ? 
boiled water left in a teflon pot
minimum temperature for slow roasting almonds
what icing will stay stiff  ( even in tropical heat )  after the cake has been decorated ? 
how can i get fried prawns to be juicy ? 
loose-leaf tea: specifics of re-steeping multiple times ? 
benefits for different fats for flour tortillas ? 
how do i get sausages to cook evenly in a pan ? 
which other spices besides cloves will react with plastic ? 
how to make glowing jello without tonic water ? 
are plastic  ( vs metal )  immersion blenders safe for hot mixtures ? 
how to stop sweet / sugary dressings from ruining a baking dish ? 
i used evaporated milk instead of sweetened condensed milk in a fudge recipe .  how do i fix this ? 
is it worth to install a gas stove with a big gas bottle in the kitchen ? 
how to make home-made butter ? 
why is butter usually labeled "sweet cream" ? 
how reliable is determining cooking oil temperature with a thermometer ? 
why is my green tea brown ? 
a firm mousse with juice with my cream whipper
sealed whey protein container past its use by date - is it still usable ? 
dulce de leche as a macaron filling
i would like to make homemade ketchup ,  how do i prepare the tomato ? 
labeling food for the freezer
smoke coming from oven
what is a device used to slice tomatoes with in one motion called ? 
bread substitute for wheat allergic
why is delivered pizza often oily ? 
how to prevent greek yoghurt getting more sour
shelf life of a yogurt product
how to make pumpkin extract
when canning strawberry preserves can you substitute lime juice for lemon juice ? 
doing tr at home
what can i bake for my nut allergic friend ? 
oven temperature for multiple ducks ? 
are there substantial benefits to grinding your own flour ? 
can anyone tell me what kind of squash this is ? 
how can i ensure that scrambled eggs will be fully cooked ? 
why does a microwave rotate the food being cooked ?  and is there ever a time when it shouldn ' t rotate ? 
why is my pumpkin soup sour ? 
why does flatbread have to be microwaved  /  cooked  /  toasted ? 
what is a substitute for corn syrup in boiled icing ? 
what is the conversion rate between dry beans to cans of beans ? 
regarding chocolate chip cookies
is it possible to make transparent  /  translucent pastry ? 
why does food taste bland when we are sick ? 
heston blumenthal roast chicken
whenever i put breadcrumbs on chicken breast ,  they turn out soggy and moist
can i soak and rejuice the pulp that comes out of a juicer ? 
color change in duck meat ! 
beef: red on the outside ,  brown on the inside
substitute to milk in coffee ? 
how can i make a foam without an immersion blender ? 
what are some good substitions for alcohol in cooking ? 
how do i make tasty seitan in a pressure cooker ? 
if i make a big batch of blueberry buttermilk pancakes and freeze them ,  how long will they stay fresh for before getting freezer-burnt ? 
why put sprite in a baking recipe ? 
tamago-su preparation
why does the grate of my charcoal grill keep rusting ? 
can you use sweet potatoes in a no-bake pie ? 
sous vide long cook meat prep ? 
how do you freeze fresh pineapple ?  can you ? 
what water temperature should be used for instant coffee ? 
would baking a cake for 2 hours at 350 degrees f be safe to eat if it ' s still moist ? 
blowtorch and frying oil - dangerous ? 
what are good settings to reheat french fries soggy from refrigirating overnight in a small oven ? 
sweet sauce for peking duck ? 
what are good references for gluten free baking
what temperature range is suitable for grill smoking ? 
calculating nutrition information for commercial food labeling
can i store bread dough overnight ? 
when making pizza dough ahead ,  at what point in the process should i let it rise ? 
how do i freeze and defrost lemons ? 
what is the danger of salmonella in  ' home laid eggs '  and how should i clean them ? 
is there any cut of beef that ' s close to kobe beef ? 
how to balance out sourness of lemon juice ,  specifically in a mayonnaise ? 
how would i add heat to a brine ? 
bubbles in canned tomato sauce
how to make corn nuts from fresh corn on the cob
difference between maida and all purpose flour
why does oil change the color of salmorejo ? 
what sous vide parameters for entrecote ? 
what does one use a saw for ? 
how can i make a raw vegan shrimp paste substitute ? 
why breadcrumb is necessary for deep-frying ? 
is it safe to eat dog food in regular diet ? 
really good quality cooks knifes
what is a tourne knife used for ? 
why mix dry and fresh yeast ? 
is sugar a thickening agent ? 
how long will a vanilla bean stay potent ? 
cooking chicken in microwave ? 
how do i make "thick cooked rhubarb"
why does my chocolate seize when i add brandy to it ? 
should tuna steaks sit out before cooking ? 
chocolate shot glasses
confused about the addition of garlic
fresh cranberries or frozen cranberries
gas burner is "clicking" - how can i stop this ? 
how to make a dessert with dynamically opening flower petals ? 
how to fix pudding that got extra sweet ? 
what is the traditional accompaniment for duck confit ? 
how do you remove strong garlic odor from enclosed space  ( garage )  ? 
what happened to my cornbread ?  please help
do i use pure glucose or sugar syrup for making a caramel filling for a cookie ? 
how to prevent watery dippy eggs
which oils are considered flavorless ? 
soup  ' fork '  source
gel substance to keep food moist ? 
will peeling and slicing potatoes prevent them from sprouting further ? 
why is my mango pickle foaming with gas after 3 days ,  it is beginning to overflow ,  even though i left 2" from the cap
ways to bar-b-que and smoke kangaroo
is it possible to brew good tea on a mountain ? 
under-watered bread dough: specific effect ? 
how do i practice piping icing without wasting icing and money ? 
do i need to let red wine breathe each time i uncork the same bottle ? 
buttermilk substitute for making creme fraiche ? 
what makes kewpie  ( japanese )  mayonnaise so different from hellmann ' s ? 
defrosting chicken breasts in marinade
how to reduce microwave power to prevent burned popcorn ? 
how can i integrate molecular gastronomy into regular cooking ? 
marinating venison ? 
alternative to arrowroot
challah braids melding together
electric cooktop griddle ? 
canning tomato sauce
how to fry sepia ? 
making chili less oniony
how do you keep ebelskivers from sticking ? 
what ' s the best way to store  ( freeze )  purchased ground beef ? 
why get a chef ' s knife or santoku if i don ' t eat meat ? 
how can i remove excess fat from stews or soups without refrigerating ? 
can i selectively breed my sourdough starter ? 
caramel sauce tastes too sugary what went wrong
how long to steam fish for ? 
can i blend hot soup in a ninja ? 
do i need to wipe / clean my knife after sharpening / honing ? 
orange peel loose / baggy around orange: is that a problem ? 
is it true cooked food cannot be left in room temperature for longer than 4 hours ? 
vegetarian replacement for pork mince in chinese style stir fry
what happens when you bake winesap apples ? 
what defines a gui chow dish in chinese cuisine ? 
how long can i cook a bone in pork shoulder ? 
how do i cook lamb tongues ? 
cranberry beans on a slow cooker  ( crock pot ) 
leaving the food out to cool off after cooking
how to unbake a cake ? 
are the keurig k-cups safe ? 
put pork in crock pot and accidentally set to warm
what ' s the difference between jerky and biltong
substitutions for wheat flour in pie crust
how to reheat pork belly: keep the crackling crackly ? 
too much gin in potato-scallion soup
does ghee make a good substitution for lard ? 
why do they put sulphites in vinegar when vinegar is a preservative ? 
homemade sport drink
beef in my stew isn ' t tender
balance overly sweet liqueurs
why won ' t my butter and milk mix when trying to make cream ? 
why do my onions keep burning ? 
what does it mean to temper chocolate ? 
has anyone ever tried birch sap as a tonic ? 
is it safe to eat smoked bacon without grilling ? 
what impact does the order of assembly have when making cookies ? 
what is the way to make golgappe / pani puri at home ? 
how do i get rid of mayonnaise smell ? 
what could cause a sudden loss of sour flavor ? 
do roasted almonds have similar calcium value to raw ones ? 
should i use whole eggs or only yolks in spaghetti alla carbonara ? 
do tomatoes lose their nutritional value when they are made into tomato sauce ? 
storage of pecorino cheese is room temperature ok ? 
is there any way to avoid grease splatter ? 
which oils or fats make the crispiest roast potatoes ? 
how to effectively take cream from milk ? 
how does one cook with aloe ? 
teflon vs .  porcelain lined cookware  ( stove top ) 
how can i filter out unwanted particles in my chicken broth ? 
how can i prepare jack fruit to simulate the texture of pork ? 
high elevation souffle
is there a substitute for aluminum foil ? 
sous vide eggs - how to get a perfect soft-boiled egg ? 
why did my chocolate chip banana bread split ? 
should french fries be fried two times ? 
water exploded in microwave
homemade yogurt & flavours - keeping it thick
how to avoid the rhubarb teeth effect ? 
lots of liquid in bottom of wok when stir frying
why do some recipes claim to "never fail" ? 
what ' s the best approach to baking bread with whole grains ? 
can you replace whole eggs with only egg whites when baking pumpkin pie ? 
can i use nutralite butter in baking cakes and cookies ? 
shiny side or not for foil ? 
is the root / rhizomes of ground elder edible ? 
why do chefs insist that cleanliness is next to godliness ? 
undercooked beans in chili ? 
how should i store speck ? 
can cheap vodka be used for cooking  ( with good results )  ? 
how long will my homemade marinade with orange juice last ? 
breadcrumbs or flour when greasing and dusting a cake form ? 
is it best to slice roast meat if eating the next day ? 
how do i fix my flat sourdough loaf ? 
would boiling make escargot safe if they were carrying parasites or bacteria ? 
would one use holy basil to make pesto sauce ?  are there other culinary uses ? 
does placement of ingredients and condiments on a sandwich change the taste ? 
using cast iron on a glass range
how can i speed up cooking risotto ? 
best tool for quickly cutting vegetables into a salad ? 
skillet cooked shrimp texture
browning beef for beef stew ? 
brown spots in purple sweet potato
does the airflow pattern in a hot air popcorn popper matter ?   /  what should i look for in a popper ? 
how to boil maize ( indian corn )  ? 
hard to find spatula
can i make a latticed cream pie  ( no-bake filling )  ? 
should meat be seasoned before or after cooking ? 
what are these spots on my butternut squash ? 
pressure cooking for one ? 
infusing olive oil with herbs
which cut makes cheapest goulash ? 
substitute for sesame oil ? 
how much sugar and vanilla extract should i use in 1 / 2 gallon of ice cream ? 
moisture in vegetable bin
how to fix the consistency of blueberry jam ? 
why some fruits are less common for making jam ? 
alternatives to serve with a tomato salad
does it matter what type of wine is used to make mulled wine ? 
what does "spooned and leveled" mean ? 
camping with tofu
how long will infused alcohol last ? 
keeping homemade soup
how to make a "winter queen" cocktail ? 
is my wok carbon steel  ( it is magnetic ) and how do i proceed - seems i am ruining it
how long should i knead bread dough by hand ? 
should dry beans be washed before soaking ? 
basil wilting ,  how to preserve ? 
how to remove brownies cleanly from silicone molds ? 
browning avocados - what helps ? 
liquefying through long boiling
how does a pinch of salt make a difference to a recipe ? 
how do i make semisweet chocolate more liquid ? 
are slightly moldy beets edible after boiling ? 
is it valid to claim that a jam contains no preservatives ? 
can i reuse chopped onions ? 
how long will roux keep ? 
what dishes are paired with agnolini in mantuan cuisine ? 
how long should roast pork be cooked so that it stays light pink ? 
cooking dry noodles without them being soggy
aromatics from roasted chicken and sauce
is free-range chicken more flavourful ? 
seasoning mineral b pan
100% rye pizza base recipes ? 
do eggshells let flavours pass through during boiling ? 
how to get flavour into dried grains and pulses
when should i put salmon in my rice cooker ? 
what is this kitchen tool - a handle ,  and coil of metal around a metal plate ? 
irish cream left in hot car
is it possible to make sour cream at home ? 
frying oil reuse
crock pot left on high for longer than recipe called for
is it safe to vacuum seal shredded parmesan ? 
how can you prevent lettuce from becoming bitter ? 
carb free thickener
why does my first batch of cookies come out nice while later batches get thin ? 
is a longer defrost better than microwave defrosting ? 
"overly sour yogurt is a sign of inconsistent inoculation" - what is inoculation ? 
how can i keep chopped fruit fresh for 2-3 hours ? 
can i substitute soy milk when a recipe for baking calls for regular milk ? 
where is a  ' coffee cup '  measured to ? 
nutrient content of ground bison meat
how do i cook brain to achieve a firmer texture ? 
what are the effects of salting a thin steak that ' s grilled on a pan ? 
mixing cake batter in a blender ? 
ground beef storage and use past sell-by date
how to make chicken laksa taste more like to ' s restaurant ? 
what are the pips and skin of an orange ? 
rice flour: weight to volume
how much brine do i need to freeze icecream ? 
are there thermo bottles to store tea ,  as soon as it is made  ( 100c / 212f )  ? 
how to keep pork crispy during transport to venue ? 
how should i deal with blood released while thawing meat in the refrigerator ? 
how hot does the water need to be when cooking stock ? 
what types of wine are suitable for dijon mustard ? 
what can be used as a wrapper with minimum taste ? 
collecting & using cooking profiles on foods like coffee roasters do
uses for brewers / nutritional yeast ? 
what is the best way to cook the beef cut "nerveux gite" ? 
how do you cook corn kernels on bbq ? 
tinfoil at the bottom of the oven  ( to catch crumbs )  is ruining my pizzas
minimizing or controlling the flavor of infused butter
is it better to use oranges that are under-ripe or over-ripe to make marmalade ? 
substitute for pastry flour
baking focaccia
please help me to fix my bread to be more soft and smaller hole
what ' s the difference between guatemalen ,  honduran and salvedorean cream ? 
how many hours can you store raw eggs in warm car ? 
whats a good light or fat free substitution for sour cream ? 
how far in advance can sweet potatoes be peeled ? 
why should i "rest" meat after cooking ? 
how does sous vide compare to other cooking methods ? 
why or why not beat an egg before adding ? 
what is the purpose of bitters in cocktails ? 
how do you sear tilapia fish ? 
what happened to my melted couverture ? 
is soy milk in america similar to the type in east asia ? 
does adding sugar to tomato type sauces affect acidity ? 
culinary uses for wheat grass sprouts
substitutes for cheese due to allergy . 
mexican style taco cheese
how do i calculate the final acidity of homemade vinegar ? 
what is the difference between making french baguettes and us style baguettes ? 
can i substitute fenugreek seeds for leaves ? 
what tempering process do you use when moulding chocolates
need help reconciling quantities in this recipe
how to prepare stuffed peppers
what ' s the difference between fajitas ,  enchiladas and tacos ? 
the art of sushi: using wasabi to kill parasites
how to dry royal icing fast ? 
whipping double cream with amaretto
how to make a frothy icing ? 
do i need to grease ,  grease-proof paper ? 
what does meringue powder do in butter cream icing ? 
how long can i soak red kidney beans for ? 
why fold in ingredients ,  why not just whisk ? 
salmon patties with cream cheese ? 
how do "frozen fresh" herbs compare to fresh ? 
making "long ( er ) -life" homemade mayonnaise
is it possible to heatproof  ( insulate )  stainless steel pot handles ? 
how do you know when a cultured item is no longer safe to consume ? 
"soften" ice cream to make ice cream bars
what effect on flavor and / or cooking does rinsing grits have ? 
does 100% rye sourdough bread always have a sticky crumb ?  how do i make it stick to the knife less ? 
how can i achieve flavorful ,  gelatinous pork broth economically ? 
out of date vine leaves - are they safe to eat ? 
why wooden sticks for ice cream bars ? 
differences between gel and gelatine
why does my tuna casserole turn sour ? 
what are double-cut chops ? 
how to get uniform slices from bread ? 
uses for the bulgarian / balkan condiment "lutenitza"
why does leftover pizza dough make terrible bread ? 
high altitude pizza crust - how to adjust yeast ? 
can anyone explain why oil separation in a curry is indicator that the food is cooked ? 
how do you make golden syrup ? 
brining before dehydrating ? 
what ' s the secret to making good turkish bread ?   ( pide ) 
does tiramisu firm up in the fridge ? 
why do they put the fruit on the bottom ? 
how to pick ripe plantains for maduros ? 
is bottle gourd and white pumpkin same ? 
how much shorter is the turkey ' s cooking time if i increase the temperature ? 
is there a faster / less messy way to stuff manicotti / canneloni ? 
how to make crackle top chocolate chip cookies ? 
is deep-frying silicone oil safe for home use ? 
where to rent vacuum chamber ? 
how do i modify sourdough recipes for use with my small starter ? 
how can i fry leftover mashed potato ? 
how do i brown nuts without burning and without taking forever ? 
pork sirloin vs chump
why buckwheat pancakes ? 
how long does ginger root last ? 
achieve crosshatch on grilled pork chop ? 
what is a "boned lamb leg" ? 
my applesauce has fermented ,  is it safe to bake with ? 
lemon juice and kale / green leaf lettuce salad produces a very horseradish-y taste and smell
should i preheat a pan ,  or start the cooking timer immediately ? 
how many people does one rabbit feed ? 
is it safe to put a plate directly on a recently-on gas burner ? 
how long is bread "safe" in the fridge ? 
why is it necessary to preheat an oven ? 
what is the purpose of baking a cooked pot pie filling ? 
how do i infuse fruit flavor in ganache ? 
what are the advantages of homemade pasta over store-bought ? 
what is the difference  ( practically )  between different types of rennet ? 
should i boil the alcohol out of marinade ? 
is it possible to thicken frozen cream ? 
how can i tell when the wax has been removed from citrus fruit ? 
bell pepper mousse - won ' t charge or discharge
why can ' t this ice cream scoop go in the dishwasher ? 
why does food spoil in the freezer ? 
americans and shrimp heads
dry brine time / thawed turkey time
how do i measure frozen herbs ,  like dried or fresh ? 
is "quick brining" as effective as an overnight soak ? 
can quinoa be used instead of flour for cookies ? 
can you substitute butter in a box cake recipe that calls for oil ? 
is it true that all salt is sea salt ? 
what is the maximum temperature at which cream will still whip successfully ? 
how do i keep my enchiladas from getting soggy when they cook ? 
what mammals '  milks are drunk by humans ? 
what determines if the handle of a pan gets hot while in use ? 
using steam to make a dry version of turkey juicier
what made these red lentils  ' brick '  together ? 
what to do with grapefruit seeds ? 
ideas to cook dry beans fast in halogen oven
how keep prepared courgette fresh ? 
how do they prepare steak so fast in restaurants ? 
can you pickle avocados ? 
can i leave butter cookies in the fridge ? 
what is instant pudding mix used for in baking cookies ? 
tools for making pasta
cheesecakes baked in a waterbath
what is the correct french word for brisket ? 
how do i avoid carrot slices rolling away ? 
what role do eggs play in baking ? 
baking a rib eye in the oven
baking a cake in a microwave
mongolian bbq meat cuts ? 
is cereal supposed to be cooked ? 
cookie dough consistency problems
how do i "evaporate" milk ? 
hints for low-carb wraps
cooking with barleywine
what ' s the fastest way to hull a strawberry ? 
food timing: keeping bacon warm while cooking with bacon fat made from said bacon
i want to know how to express the result of reduced liquid . 
pork sirloin vs pork tenderloin  ?  which will be most tender ? 
is it possible to join two thin steaks together on the grill ? 
not sure my meat spent long enough on high in the crock pot ? 
what is gaba rice ? 
can i bring sausages on a plane ? 
what happened to my duck ? 
is there a typical ratio for herbes de provence ? 
what is this teapot and where can i buy it ? 
what is a good bread recipe for light bread ,  but able to be shaped ? 
what is the effect of using pasteurized milk in cheese making ? 
what can make a radish lose its flavour in a dish ? 
what is the difference between dutch pie and german pie ? 
is ghee clarified butter or beurre noisette ? 
what has happened to today ' s chicken compared to the chicken in the 1950 ' s - 80 ' s ? 
rules for refreezing food
does grenadine need to be refrigerated ? 
problems with rapid melting ice cream .  making it without a machine
what is the best material for a cooking spoon ? 
what is the correct temperature when extracting saffron flavour ? 
dipping sauce for shabu-shabu
can i stuff peeled bell peppers ? 
help with the temp on my crock pot
when a recipe calls for wine ,  does it make a difference what wine to use ? 
how does the power setting on a microwave work ? 
what is the "honey stick" called ? 
fissler frying pans .  are they worth the price ? 
by `1 tbsp of x` should i assume heaped tablespoon or leveled tablespoon ? 
should i fry the chicken first or should i pressure cook it first ? 
when to add vegetables in slow cooker ? 
why did mold develop on the top of my sourdough ? 
is "until juices run clear" a valid test for poultry doneness ?  why or why not ? 
nestle cream "ashta"
does simple syrup require refrigeration ? 
flavor notes or profile of truffles ? 
what determines if a juice is clear or opaque ? 
can vegetable enzymes kill yeast ? 
beer batter fish ,  keeping the breading from peeling right off while eating ? 
devil ' s food cake turned out dry and dense
uk scones versus us scones
can some dishes be washed with only water ? 
what ' s the fastest way to cook oatmeal porridge ? 
my bread is tasteless
which container to use for combined milk ? 
what pan can be subsituted for a paella pan ? 
hours for bacteria to form on raw steak
how should i store beansprouts ? 
how to judge the quality of pizza dough ? 
how to make a chocolate fudge / syrup sauce that does not freeze ? 
any idea of what made up of the chai tea latte in starbucks ? 
can i cook meringue on tin foil rather than baking paper ? 
white pepper vs .  black pepper
how should i choose corn ? 
how can i make the most of this stewing hen ? 
what is direct heat ? 
how to convert cook time and temp from 9" round cake pans to standard cupcakes ? 
what does the clock-like symbols under plastic containers mean ? 
how do i make my roux taste less like flour ? 
what can i do to prolong vegetable and meat freshness in the freezer ? 
how long will fermented / brined pickles last ? 
what ' s the difference between salami and pepperoni ? 
devising a first-scratch bread recipe
cooking turkey with high-voltage arc
frozen and unfrozen chicken: what ' s the difference ? 
freeze soup very quickly without destroying the content in fridge ? 
cheeses similar to queso fresco
is there a reason to peel onions for storage or sale ? 
slow cooker & fat - blend it back in ? 
curing fresh ham with limited ingredients
is bisquick the same as self-rising flour ? 
what makes steel-cut oats different ? 
why does coconut ice turn brown after a couple of days
cheapest place to get bulk chocolate ? 
how can i make my hot chocolate thicker ? 
what are the different kinds of cheese ? 
"moose mints" origin
thickness of ready-to-roll icing
when is a utility knife to be preferred over a chef ' s or a paring knife ? 
what ' s the name of the black-brown decoration sauce used in french cooking ? 
what types of cuts of meats are ideal for  ( beef )  stew ? 
what are powdered sugar cubes ? 
is there any way to make an egg pancake without sugar or white flour ? 
why do my teriyaki steaks come out hard and dry ? 
can an american substitute for garam masala be made ? 
what to do with seized  /  split chocolate ? 
how to store fresh herbs
are limes and lime juice more acidic than lemons and lemon juice ? 
how to cook a tender quail ? 
how to make hot dog buns or sandwich rolls with a soft crust ? 
can i use sweetened condensed milk instead of evaporated milk for pumpkin pie ? 
what is curried tapenade ? 
what would this sauce be called ? 
temperature of electric burners
beating egg whites with granulated sugar added for tapioca pudding
is there a difference in the taste / seeds of egg-sized eggplants ,  and long and slim eggplants ? 
why do uncooked frostings that contain milk not need to be refrigerated ? 
vietnamese burnt sugar beverage
how can i get the most smoke flavor from lapsang souchong tea ? 
how can i fix an unpleasant color in a dish ? 
what happens when one mixes flour into batter ? 
what are the differences in protein content between chicken broth and chicken stock ? 
presto multi cooker sous vide- clarification ? 
how can i avoid seizing chocolate ? 
how can i check if my flour is self-raising or plain ? 
using cloves in stocks / broths
what are some interesting herbs / spices to sprinkle over fish ? 
runny cookie dough
how to remove smell from plastic lid ? 
is it not possible to can some species of fish without adding oil ? 
what is tasso made from and how is it made ? 
can i put a disposable aluminum pan directly over a burner ? 
are sushi rice and arborio rice valid substitutes of each other ? 
what can you do with an infrared thermometer ? 
infrared thermometer for oven temperatures
clarification needed on pots and pans in the dishwasher
keeping beef jerky dry ? 
is it reasonable to expect "spiciness" to fry off ? 
stains off of a glass top stove
can i refrigerate bread dough after the first rise and bake it later ? 
are there reasons to use olive oil when roasting food at high temperatures ? 
using coffee filters to filter home pressed olive oil
is it possible to substitute wax paper for parchment paper during baking ? 
36 inch by 36 inch counter depth refrigrator
nonstick cookware or not ? 
is methyl cellulose edible ? 
frozen sea squirts: any suggests on cleaning / preparing ? 
transporting chicken between refrigerators - how long is too long ? 
what ' s the most cost effective way to make chicken bone broth ? 
is cooking beans or any other food in metal cans safe ? 
does it make sense to parboil spare ribs before you roast or grill them ? 
my pork rinds won ' t puff ! 
how long can i keep green curry paste ? 
how many risings for bread ? 
max temp for fried chicken
why does my apple crumble develop a bitter aftertaste ? 
criteria for silicone utensils
explaining raising dough
how do i cut an oreo ? 
vanilla extract vodka quality
do i need a bread maker ? 
why is my bread falling flat ? 
is there anything i can add to homemade bread to preserve it ? 
ways to speed up this chai recipe ? 
how long can eggs be unrefrigerated before becoming unsafe to eat ? 
how to clean utensils used to cook raw ground beef that have been left in the sink overnight ? 
what can i use instead of sriracha if i only want to make a dish non-spicy ,  but similarly flavorful ? 
how far in advance of serving can you fry fried eggs ? 
what can substitute for barley in soup
what is silken tofu compared to regular tofu and how do you use it ? 
binding properties of turmeric
can brownie dough sit ? 
is hot water bath canning really necessary ? 
does ginger have to be peeled ?  if so how ? 
what can i do to keep high hydration dough from sticking to my hands ? 
turkish delight is too wet
are these chestnuts safe to eat ? 
what causing royal icing to get stringy ? 
can i make corn dogs in advance ? 
why are foods often packaged in weird measurements ? 
spritz cookies not sticking to pan when pressed from cookie press
how do i fix and prevent a baked custard from weeping ? 
what methods make tomato chopping less messy ? 
freezing an unbaked pie
can i substitute agar-agar for gelatin in pudding ? 
fixing a brownie brick
frozen eggs in the shell: thaw and cook or trash them ? 
should i boil red potatoes before roasting them ? 
how to make stronger colors in three part pannacotta ? 
optimal stirring technique: i read that stirring liquids in a straight line is better than in a circle ,  but i can ' t find any references
how does rub or marinade actually seep into meat ? 
how do i keep my zoodles from being too watery ? 
what is the difference between microwave and convection microwave combo ? 
what type of wok apparatus is depicted in this home ? 
is it possible to prevent a japanese cheesecake from deflating or sinking ? 
japanese steak house menu item ? 
would it be a bad idea to electroplate a knife ? 
exactly what is "low heat" for making cheese sauce ? 
how will less flour affect molten lava cakes ? 
does cooking in a pressure cooker destroy nutrients ? 
keeping consistent quality of marinated meat throughout the day in a restaurant
can i sterilize homemade mustard jars in the oven ? 
pork thawing safety
cookbook says to store dough in fridge overnight ,  why can ' t i just bake it already ? 
is salmonella from eggs a us-only problem ? 
what is the purpose of papillote on lamb bones ? 
can i use oil in marinades for dehydrated mushrooms ? 
how best to pan-fry tofu ? 
how to make sugar glass without corn syrup or cream of tartar ? 
what ' s this "pucker" style hole on my cheese grater for ? 
does freezing sap freshness ?  will acids bring the flavor back ? 
how does roasting beef in a rotisserie compare to doing so in a regular oven ? 
what is the name for a chef ' s hat ? 
how does pineapple affect umami when used in vegan-fish-sauce recipes ? 
why does asparagus microwave so fast ? 
why does my ganache keep breaking ? 
is it safe to eat marinated beef that has been frozen for three days ? 
alternative to potatoes
soon-to-be cultured milk with fresh fruit safe for consumption ? 
what does natural vanilla extract smell like ? 
cast iron - enamelled - season or not ? 
how can i rescue an undercooked pastry cream ? 
what temperature should milk be when adding to roux ? 
how can i unstick lollies stuck in a jar ,  welded by heat ? 
remove cilantro stems ? 
moldy black truffles-are they edible ? 
is there supposed to be a difference between general tso ' s and sesame chicken besides the seeds ? 
does milk matter to achieve the perfect latte ? 
what causes popovers to rise so much ? 
can i use chestnut roaster clay pot to roast coffee at home ? 
is gelatin vegetarian ? 
how can i score wet bread dough more easily ? 
what vegetable might be called a worchester ? 
fried rice jumps out of the pan
how to compare the strength of commercial natural vanilla extracts ? 
is it possible to turn old tomatoes into flour ? 
can wine gone bad be bad for you ? 
what should i look for when choosing tomatoes for pasta sauces ? 
hard crack candy coming out too sticky
why would you parboil some vegetables before stir-frying them ? 
how long does cooked garlic keep in fridge ? 
how did cardinal mazarin give name to a swedish cake ? 
how long is it safe to marinate meat ? 
what cut of short rib do i have ,  and how do i prepare them ? 
should i drain water after i cook noodles in microwave ? 
is there a way to infuse roasted coffee beans with different flavors ? 
a recipe inspired by brat cheese sauce / cooking in wine
why would gluten-free chicken meatballs involve pre-cooking 1 / 3 of the chicken before frying the formed meatballs ? 
is it ok to mix milk and fermented dairy ? 
home-make yogurt: add sugar  /  something else with the starter ? 
why is my espresso salty ? 
sashimi recommendations ? 
breaking down a lamb "square shoulder"
saving old chocolate
how do i stop the spatter ? 
lining a frying pan with aluminum foil to reduce post-cooking cleanup ? 
how long does breakdown of collagen etc .  take for sirloin cooked sous vide ? 
how long does pancake batter last in the fridge ? 
frying eggssticking to the pan
pre-salt eggplant to improve taste ? 
why is my bread so dense and moist ? 
why does ice form mostly on one side of frozen sliced bread ? 
is bread that can go mouldy better than that which does not ? 
is it possible to make a beverage that evaporates on contact with the consumer ' s tongue ? 
how to dry eucalyptus leaves  ( to later on make herbal tea from )  ? 
estimating the fat content of homemade chicken foot gelatin
how do i make this quick-bread recipe less moist ? 
dry aging at home - is it really possible ? 
can a clear glaze be made without gelatin or starch ? 
sous-vide - what does circulation accomplish ? 
why would i prefer carbon steel  ( rust prone )  kitchen knife ? 
separated ,  grainy ganache  ( dark and stormies from grewelings ' s book ) 
why is my bread too tough ? 
how to mix wine into cream sauce  ( or cream into a wine sauce )  so it doesn ' t curdle
do coffee and tea need to be agitated while brewing ? 
what is the formal definition of savory ? 
how to make chicken liver less explosive ? 
why do duck eggs have longer expiry than chicken eggs ? 
purpose of condensed milk in mango ice cream ? 
non-stick spray substitute
what ' s the white liquidy substance that can appear when cooking salmon ? 
is it safe to eat sauteed onions left at room temperature ? 
fondant recipe with egg white .  are there health risks ? 
how to clean non-sticking pan from burnt pepper juices
why is buying meat online so expensive
safe to wash rice the night before and leave overnight before cooking ? 
how much is a small / medium / large onion ? 
what constitutes a  ' waxy potato ' 
why does cheese have an expiry date ? 
how to crack several types of nuts in one batch ? 
is getting rid of the dough the only solution when it smells of yeast ? 
what is a "soup chicken"
blender makes burning smell after liquid spilled on  ( maybe into )  it
sous vide without plastic bags ? 
what is the best way to filter the turkish coffee ? 
burned cookies - now what ? 
is it safe to store oils ,  vinegars and other sauces in reused gourmet oil tins ? 
soymilk for drinking vs .  soymilk for tofu making
what to do with an aubergine  ( eggplant )  that has gone brown inside ? 
how does halving a bread recipe impact rising time ? 
are heads of shrimps safe to eat in us ? 
how to make a stable culinary parmesan foam
what ' s the best way to get roasted garlic out of its skin
how to tell when cheesecake is done ? 
is there a way to prevent my fruit pie from getting runny ? 
tips on cooking for people with different allergies
does any other cultures have a food similar to jewish chulent ? 
nuts in italian cooking
is it safe to use the same cooking utensils for raw and cooked meat ? 
question about consistency of homemade ice cream
fruit flies and storage of fresh produce
thicker tomato sauce on the pizza makes the cheese more slippery
ginger precipitation
use of braiser for frying
how to remove film from stainless steel pan
what is the purpose of basting a roast ? 
how do i adjust a baking recipe for fruits of different ph ? 
does nutritional yeast expire or go bad ? 
is there a way to bring a loaf of bread that ' s gone dry ,  back to life ? 
hot peppers in soup don ' t stay spicy
are commercial foods adjusted for integer cooking times ? 
how can i tell if my pots and pans are ferrous ? 
which type of flour would be better to use in this case ? 
why would using oil make muffins less sweet ? 
how to reduce the flavour of orange zest in chicken ? 
how to make use of old apples ? 
is there no use for high temperatures in ovens ? 
is there a difference in the ease of seasoning cast iron ,  forged iron ,  and carbon steel ? 
would freezing affect the flavour of mint tea ? 
margarine vs butter in cinnamon roll schmear
does it make sense to take out the cake from the oven few times just to check whether it is done or not ? 
parsley: flat-leaf or curly ? 
red potatoes-partial cooking ,  freezing to bake at a later date
how to decorate a cake so that the icing is smooth ? 
powder to prevent foam in egg white protein ? 
how do i cut an acorn squash ? 
how to prevent salt from releasing from dry cured chicken ? 
constructions of lego bricks made of cake
can i add butter to yeast dough which has already risen ? 
substituting diced canned tomatoes for fresh
what is the proper way to store steak at home ? 
cassolette pans - cooking on the stovetop and in the oven
what can i do with the fat skimmed from chicken stock ? 
why add yogurt to curries spoon by spoon instead of all at once ? 
is there a web site indexing cooking competitions ,  or an effective aggregator ? 
how to substitute eggs in homemade pasta ? 
how to make truffle oil ? 
what ' s the difference between heirloom and direct-set yogurt cultures ? 
will soymilk keep well in the freezer ? 
how to get very smooth ,  flat cooked potato pieces
only the seeds of the habaneros i bought are hot - low quality ,  or simply the nature of chili ? 
how can i get the smokey flavour in hor fun ? 
how to make - succulent - bruschetta ? 
source of smoky flavor in salsa ? 
are nectarine seeds edible ? 
can i use oil spray as a salad dressing ? 
why is my lemon juice fizzing and smelling like yeast ? 
flourless chocolate torte
do you have to use water to sous vide ? 
does it matter when you add the salt ? 
why does chewing gum sometimes change its texture
how to brown the sugar for pumpkin flan ? 
do i need to boil kidneys ? 
flour and water .  .  .  at which temperature ? 
suggestions for convenient and safe methods of transporting a few meals without a vehicle ? 
how to properly cook a kid ? 
custard curdling / splitting
how to prepare mint for use ? 
how to use ktc pure coconut oil ? 
possible to freeze jam in glass ? 
how long will whole coffee beans last in the freezer ? 
how to make frozen french fries
why did my french onion soup with  ' red '  onions come out tasteless and bland ? 
can i safely roast a chicken for 4 to 5 hours on a low heat ? 
how to make frosting very white ,  fluffy ,  and shiny ? 
cooking pork roast ahead of time for christmas ? 
meatballs in tomato sauce using a rice cooker
oil for pan-frying lamb chop
what are these used for
to par-boil or not to par-boil root vegetables before roasting ? 
chocolate: condensation issues
how to save my almonds from moths
when baking quick breads and cakes ,  can i premix wet ingredients the night before ? 
how can i enhance fudge ' s "fudginess" and flavour ? 
meat juice reabsorption sous vide
how long does a fruit and sugar mixture last ? 
conversion rule: how to switch oil and butter ? 
chicken broth without gelatin  ( storebought and homemade ) 
does using electric stove vs gas stove have any difference in food taste ? 
how to build steam in the oven for getting an oven spring ? 
how can i make better eggless scones ? 
frying fish without it falling to shambles
how do you prevent veggies from burning in dishes that take longer to cook ? 
how long can you keep tuna in jar with olive oil
how long does raw ground meat last in the fridge ? 
what are things to look for when choosing a raw cut of steak ? 
is there a device that can be used to grate coconut and sweet potatoes electrically ? 
what does each setting on the oven mean and what should you use it for ? 
prevent scrambled eggs from sticking to stainless steel
in this recipe ,  what is a possible substitute for serrano pepper ? 
baking zucchini bread without egg yolks
how to make a brittler ,  harder chocolate coating ? 
is it best to just cook with the oil that has the highest smoking point ? 
making tea out of grape leaves -when to pick the leaves ? 
how can i get more lime flavor into my key lime cake recipe ? 
how to ensure that spices reach inside the eggs in the egg curry ? 
coconut milk looks like water with butter chunks
why does my walnut cake fall ? 
how to mix ingredients in bread machine ? 
shallower bowl or longer dough hook for kitchen aid 7qt stand mixer ? 
udon soup seasoning
what is a good spicy potato wedges seasoning ? 
preparing cut vegetables for the next day ? 
can i use basmati rice for fried rice ? 
what can i do with a lot of fresh tarragon ? 
when should i pick elderberries ? 
substitute peanut butter for cookie butter ? 
unexplained butterflied roast chicken success
substitute for egg yolk in ice-cream  ( egg allergy ) 
can i use only urad dal to make dosa ? 
help with getting the correct consistency in dairy-free ice cream
what is the correct consistency for cream cheese frosting
how does the glue of bamboo cutting boards get in the food and how to prevent this ? 
better kinds of knives for elderly persons ? 
rolls fall flat
what is the problem with overmixing ? 
eliminating stpp taste in seafood
how to measure 7g yeast and 10g salt without a proper scale ? 
boxed pancake mix - allpurpose or cake flour ? 
why boil rice first when steaming rice ? 
is my "non stick" pan kaput ? 
easy way to steam vegetables in opened steam-in-bag kind
should homemade lasagna be frozen cooked or uncooked ? 
do flax seeds lose any of their nutritional benefits if cooked ? 
what is the measurement of 1 cup ? 
how long should i mature my mincemeat before making mince pies ? 
are sea bass fillets meant to be crisp on the flesh side when fried ? 
can you use bread flour that is 2 months past the best use by date ? 
is there any commercial stand mixer bigger than kitchenaids with bowl scraping paddle ? 
what is the correct ratio to make self-rising flour ? 
is the cover of parmigiano-reggiano edible ? 
which korean dishes are typically hottest ? 
making yogurt without heating milk ? 
american recipe using  ' a can of tomato sauce ' 
is nigella oil  ( black cumin or black caraway )  aromatic ? 
how can i store wonton wrappers in the freezer ? 
what causes congealed bacon fat to have a wrinkly surface ? 
cooking pasta in the microwave
what could i substitute for coffee in an opra cake
how to cook sea bass fillet in foil in the oven from frozen
how to prevent unwanted taste transfer ? 
how can i avoid cakes to turn into jelly ? 
what is hot raspberry puree ? 
is there a papaya substitute in salads ? 
watery russet baked potato
why double fry french fries after blanching instead of just blanching and frying ? 
uncooked chicken burgers in the oven ,  thawed ,  then put into the fridge
making noodles in a wok
how can i stabilize my hot sauces ? 
will a sharpener for a wider edge ruin a knife with a narrow edge ? 
stand mixer - reasons to go with a higher wattage vs lower wattage mixer
any reason to put cornmeal / semolina on hot pizza stone or steel ? 
why is my first polenta not easy to cut ? 
grilled turkey and gravy
roasting potatoes at low temperature
coffee foam vs .  tea foam
why are there holes in pasta dough when it is cold
spatchcocked turkey cooking time
reducing sweetness of packaged cookie mix
use orange juice instead of water for syrup to make orangettes ? 
what can i use as a corn syrup substitute in icing ? 
where can i find / buy peruvian parsnip  ( aka: batata baroa or arracacha )  in the us ? 
how do you get sushi rice to not stick to your hands ? 
turkish delight: cornstarch or gelatine ? 
are avocado seeds edible ? 
what factors affect collagen to gelatin conversion ? 
can i substitute vanilla extract for cocoa powder in a cupcake recipe ? 
fermented rice horchata
does reheating a roux based sauce thin it out ? 
espresso machine has to warm up halfway through pulling a shot
stir-frying: how much of the oil evaporates ? 
looking for a rice cooker ,  steamer ,  deep fryer ,  slow cooker combo that can cook rice and steam at the same time
how to distinguish cream of tartar from bread improver
copper / bronze frying pans ? 
ratatouille strudel
getting butter from yogurt
why does my skillet burn even when using peanut oil ? 
do i need to clean an oven that ' s not been used in 10 years ? 
mexican cheese sauce ? 
how to fake salmon roe using jello
salt for sauerkraut
no water in the crock pot
is it okay to mix bread flour and all-purpose flour when making a pizza dough ? 
why is it that white fish do not have as strong of a "fishy" taste as other fish ? 
ammonia in food
how does velveting work ? 
how to prepare shallot greens
can i store a fresh turkey in my garage for a few days ? 
what are the key differences between brats in germany and the usa ? 
bread dough dried out in fridge
do extracts add sweetness or just the flavor ? 
how would i produce  ( stable )  foamy bechamel sauce ? 
what can i substitute for lager beer in a chili recipe ? 
what ' s the best way to make bchamel sauce ? 
what are the differences between spice paste and spice powder ?  which should be preferred over the other for what reasons ? 
how to cook tubular ground beef using only disposable items ? 
can you tell how ripe a banana is by the actual fruit not the peel ? 
why did my nougat burn ? 
how should i interpret this expiry date ? 
is it safe to use non stick cookware over a flame ? 
when should i add cocoa powder to instant coffee ? 
black mold inside misto oil sprayer collar
steak in a pot ! 
kabobs to fajitas - how to make the meat tender
do all modern electric stoves have "binary" heating elements ? 
squishy raw pork - gone bad ? 
how to use a pressure cooker for frozen chicken ? 
how long to cook pork ribs in the oven ? 
do more peppers mean more heat ? 
how to turn extract into syrup
are there substitutes for parmesan without the aged cheese flavor ? 
are there any vegetarian applications for transglutaminase  ( "meat glue" )  ? 
omelette cooked in oven or pan ? 
can you use wd-40 to loosen the blades in a mixer grinder ? 
idiomatic combinations of peanut butter ,  jelly ,  and bread
what does 6% acidity taste like ? 
best way to store tomato paste / puree ? 
storage after slow cooking
kitchen safe touchscreen recipe reader
why does my cocoa syrup overflow ? 
what should i look out for when creating my own beef jerky marinades ? 
bread has tough ,  crunchy crust but is underbaked in the middle - how to fix ? 
thawed meat can we refreeze
what makes a souffle rise ? 
why do egg dye recipes include vinegar ? 
how to treat your saffron right ? 
cooking baked potatoes
is it possible to make homemade mascarpone ? 
is it possible to mature shop-bought hard cheese ? 
why do yolks break so easily  ( sometimes )  ? 
clam shell safety
roasted chickpeas for houmous ? 
how to remove pizza pan from oven without a peel ? 
utilizing both oven racks when baking
baking time for paper vs metal
do centrifugal juicers destroy vitamins through friction ? 
kosher butter substitute for baking  ( flavour and mouthfeel ) 
how to heat frozen stuffed pretzels other than bake them
why was my danish pastry dough so wet ? 
coca cola ' s secret recipe
how to stretch white chocolate to make truffles ? 
relating the color of meat to doneness
can you substitute whole eggs for egg whites in baking ? 
why do you add sugar last when boiling soups ? 
russian pierogi  ( kinda ) 
why is my cheesesteak meat tough ? 
how can i get italian meringue to thicken ? 
party scale sous-vide
challah bread -- too crusty ? 
how long should i steam squid and cuttlefish ? 
re-boiling of tea ? 
is unrefrigerated kimchi safe ? 
what ' s the difference between a french oven and a dutch oven ? 
what is the most efficient way to prepare  ( very small )  fresh oregano leaves ? 
is it possible to make vegan yorkshire puddings ? 
is there a definitive measure of completed lacto fermentation ? 
why stretch and fold vs traditional kneading of bread dough ? 
dehydrating cake ? 
unroasted beans for arab coffee ? 
why do people smash garlic ? 
how long to cook pork chops sous vide ? 
can you freeze bagna cauda ?   ( cream basically ) 
is it bad to marinate meat for too long ? 
what does flour smell like when it goes bad ? 
how many times is it safe to reuse deep frying oil ? 
how do you peel chickpeas ? 
are can openers like the original swing-a-way sold under a different name now ? 
how to get frozen soup to not be chunky ? 
adjusting whipped cream to hold its shape longer ? 
what is the advantage of a roux over a raw flour slurry ,  in sauce ? 
chicken noodle soup
thicker gelatin layer at the bottom of the dish
black beans - toss the soak water ? 
keep fettuccine from sticking / clumping while cooking ? 
how to pair for beer tastings
how to adjust oil in recipe when adding peanut butter
how to reheat a baked potato ? 
how to tell when bacon is cooked enough ? 
difference between natural and organic
shelf life of chicken and buffalo meat in chilled condition
freezing potato mash made with root and fresh vegetables
why is it called spit roast ? 
what is the difference between a jus ,  sauce and a gravy ? 
is there a trick to turn old bread into almost-new bread ? 
rice and paella
salted or unsalted butter
why did a receipe call for pouring boiling butter in egg-whites ? 
beef stew was left cooling on the stove for like six hours
what food from niue can i cook in the uk ? 
what are the telltale signs of a bad watermelon ? 
soaking beef in water
homemade mint extract
baking after rising
boiled beef bones and ended up with green marrow .  .  . is this normal ? 
tea cup residue
what can i do to use revere ware copper bottom pots on a glass cooktop ? 
saving spoiling mushrooms ? 
how to classify the parts of a recipe ingredient ? 
good idea to buy discount meat for freezing ? 
if a chicken has released a lot of moisture due to freezing ,  will these cause soup water to flow back in due to pore enlargement ? 
how far in advance can you make bacon ? 
how to get puff pastry to cook right through
jars of salsa ,  do i have to boil the jars if they sealed on their own ? 
what can i use hard ,  crunchy ,  leftover cookie-mistakes for ? 
tips for cooked chicken to stay juicy half a day
what happens when you mix whiskey and water ? 
adding salt to the oil making potato chips
what is the white dust on red grapes ? 
can you eat turkey eggs ? 
rehydrating dried rosemary for bread ? 
how do cooks prepare risotto in a restaurant ? 
fastest way to cook bottom round roast
what would make a custard turn out looking like scrambled eggs ? 
can deep frying oil be too hot ? 
how do i make my sourdough bread dough stretchy and not have it tear ? 
cooking polenta until it  ' comes away from the sides of the pan '  ? 
how do i use whole fresh tamarind ? 
is there a way to speed up the process of making preserved lemons ? 
cooking frozen chicken passed its expiry date
what is the name of this batter ? 
how much juice is in a pineapple
why is meat red ? 
can lettuce wraps be less messy ? 
what herbs to use when baking bread ,  rusks and scones ? 
what determines how hard or soft a cheese will be ? 
is it safe to leave butter at room temperature ? 
advantages of metal vs glass stockpot lids
baking side of pizza stone
using potato starch to thicken jam
how can i make my no carb sausages more succulent ? 
when is best to apply sauce on to bbq chicken ? 
how to clean a toaster from inside ? 
should tamarind pulp go into pad thai sauce ? 
turkey stock in refrigerator
using low oven temperature to accelerate proofing
data about the rate of nutrient decay in fruit / vegetable juice
what kind of pan works best with a waterbath ? 
how to thicken bleu cheese dressing ? 
brown sugar instead of white sugar
understanding 2 unit yield from 1lb ready to cook chicken
powdered goat milk in bread ? 
why is sugar a wet ingredient ? 
short-term bread storage
how to get a thicker soup from watery tomatoes ? 
what does the refrigerator crisper compartment actually do ? 
liquid made with cream and penicillium roqueforti ? 
can i use ocean water to cook my pasta ? 
what does joy of cooking mean by "canned spaghetti" ? 
do the herbs which promote relaxation in certain herb teas have more efficiency when theyre warm / hot as opposed to cool / cold ? 
garlic clove has turned to a firm jelly texture
condensed milk instead of evaporated
how to avoid herbs getting burnt in the oven
can any kitchenaid stand mixer attachments be used to make peanut butter ? 
what is the difference between various cuts of steak ? 
how are green and ripe plantains used differently ? 
can avocado act as an egg replacement for vegan bread
fluffiness of medu vada without baking soda
ciabatta dough too wet .  what went wrong ? 
how to keep fresh-made soft pretzels from getting soggy or stale ? 
knife cleaning: safe to do without soap ? 
can you put egg shells down the garbage disposal ? 
is serrano an acceptable substitute for jalapeno
how to decorate extremely fine details
why does angel food cake use a tube pan ? 
same recipe but sometimes white chocolate cookies come out strange
why should or shouldn ' t i peel mushrooms ? 
how to create a nut roast and stuffing that don ' t taste and feel too similar
how to calculate optimal temperature to extract specific compounds from herbal teas ? 
cooking food directly on oven rack
why is there such disparity between the calories in a banana and the calories in this pack of dried banana ? 
enhancing garlic and tomatoes on toast
why does dough break when kneading ,  and how to prevent / ameliorate it ? 
what does the egg white do in peppermint creams ? 
tamales with rendered turkey fat and clarified butter - no pork ? 
how can i more effectively remove bones ,  when fileting a sardine ? 
cooler as a pantry ? 
how do you handle the fires caused by adding wood chips to coal ? 
unnecessary kitchen gadgets: a reference
how dangerous is it to refreeze meat that has been thawed ? 
how can i achieve even browning on the bottom of baked buns ? 
sponge cake with only three ingredients - will this work at all ? 
how do you grill a perfect burger ? 
baking a cheesecake at 325 instead of 350
how to prevent sticking and get a nice searing on scallops
how do i know if my meat thermometer is ovenproof ? 
does freezing broccoli dry it out ? 
i am wondering if certain ingredients go together
how to get rid of the raw tomato smell from tomato sauce ? 
converting between egg sizes
why does my beer batter seem to hold too much oil ? 
which kind of cream do i use for creme brulee ? 
substituting white flour for maida in making indian samosas
temps rising above set temps
re-use rice for multiple batches of horchata ? 
making baking powder substitute with baking soda and powdered citric acid
is it possible to extract juice from bok choy and napa cabbage using a blender ? 
how to take care of glazed earthenware ? 
garlic + oil ,  why is this recipe safe ? 
does kale taste sweeter and more flavorful after being frozen ? 
how do you french trim a lamb shank ? 
manwiches made on the stove
what kind of wood puts the most flavor in the meat ? 
do i have to peel red potatoes before baking them ? 
cheese extract - how to use it ? 
what is the purpose of a spaced cross-hatch of grooves on the inside of a cast iron pan ? 
what are the pros / cons of serving the salad dish before / after the main dish ? 
how to prevent pizza dough from stretching back
can you make pan gravy if the turkey was brined ? 
what is the difference between prime rib and a standing rib roast ? 
how can i tell if a balsamic vinegar is good ? 
stagnant water in my tumble or 1 gallon container ,  how many days until it becomes contaminated or undrinkable ? 
fennel mandarin salad
what causes changing blue and purple pigments in food ? 
is it possible to whisk egg whites too much ? 
how can i tell when ground beef is fully cooked ? 
can i slow cook in short intervals ? 
how to set the temperature in a refrigerator without proper indication on the dials ? 
why are the storage instructions extremely opposite in cases of tea and coffee ? 
how to cook bison burgers  ( a . k . a .  buffalo burgers )  ? 
what can i do with the white parts of kale ? 
will a grill pan reduce oil splatter when pan-frying steaks ? 
oven temperature: how to be sure the selected temperature is correct . 
using a vacuum sealer to marinate ? 
what is the best way to melt chocolate ? 
how to store fresh coriander for future use ,  outside refrigerator ,  so that they don ' t lose their taste ? 
making mayo by hand  ,  using whisk  ,  emulsion breaks down
what is the purpose of sugar in baking plain bread ? 
thermometer precision in different temperature ranges
what would happen if 1 egg was ommitted from the oatmeal cookie recipe that calls for 2 ? 
why is cheese never used in americanized chinese food ? 
how to fry an egg without a burnt thin crust around ? 
how do i infuse cappuccino with real vanilla bean during brew ? 
how can i uniformly chop peanuts ? 
what type of noodle and sauce is used to making thai drunken noodles ? 
what research is there on tea preparation ? 
stock: canned ,  bouillon cubes and powder
what is the purity test for olive oil ? 
how do i decrease the saltiness in pork meatballs ? 
are there health issues with sous-vide cooking ? 
will simmering help / harm pumpkin soup ? 
what are alternative gelling agents to gelatine ?  and what are their properties ? 
why do chefs use salt and pepper bowl after touching raw foods
training on molecular gastronomy and sous vide
how do i get rid the yellow layer of oil that forms in my cream of mushroom soup ? 
pot for cooking long grained white rice on gas range
why do my macarons become lopsided ? 
can agave nectar be substituted for honey in baking ? 
differences between canned and fresh tomatoes
catering event for 1st time .  how should i prepare ? 
what causes the texture difference between greek style yogurt and regular yogurt ? 
if i have much lower than normal humidity ,  how should i change the amount of flour that dough needs ? 
cleaning burnt beans stuck to pot ? 
is there anything wrong with keeping oil ,  salt ,  and vinegar together ? 
why is my sassafrass root bark tea always so bitter ? 
how to make jalapeno jelly ? 
preserved lime is browning and fading inside the brine
ma po doufu without pork
hygienic fitness of frozen fully cooked food
pork shank meat yield
what kind of stabilizers can i use when making souffles ,  japanese cheesecake or egg beaten products ? 
how can i get more flavorful jasmine rice ? 
heart shaped mold
what qualifies as butterscotch
how long can i keep unleavened dough at room temperature ? 
does "boiling milk" always mean pasteurization ,  especially in mongolia ? 
how can i prepare bread dough to be cooked the next day ? 
improve color of banana jam ? 
can i eat cheese which has been "infected" with blue cheese mold ? 
slow cooked steak
is it possible to make fudgy brownies without oil ? 
sticky and unmanagable sourdough
how can i roast chicken bones  ( without meat )  ? 
solutions for when heating chocolate and butter doesn ' t mix well
room temperature "rest" for fresh mayo ? 
special coffee served in malaysia  ( or india ) 
storing bao overnight--to steam and refrigerate ? 
should rice be washed with hot water or cold water ? 
what makes a good quality pasta brand ? 
can i replace sugar with cane syrup in sourdough recipe
what can be used as a substitute for tomato sauce in typical italian dishes ? 
why does my baked custard form a skin on it ? 
using white wine in the cooking
identify this unusual spicy appetizer
i left my dates on the counter overnight and liquid has formed have they spoiled ? 
if bacon tastes like fish ,  is it still good to eat ? 
will roasted corn work as soup croutons ? 
what makes creme brulee set ? 
new to grinding meat
what are the acceptable methods to thaw food items ? 
should i actually add nutmeg to eggnog ? 
how to substitute oranges in a mango mousse recipe ? 
failed chocolate sponge
what can i use to substitute for italian sausage to make it appropriate for vegetarians ? 
what do the base ingredients in pancakes do ? 
how do i ensure my deep dish crust gets cooked
what can i do with hazelnuts and walnuts ? 
substitution of whipping cream for water in jello
slow cooker unplugged and meat sat at room temperature all night
how many cups of batter does a cake mix make ? 
how finely chopped should vegetables be when making stock ? 
do i have to use oil when making pie crust ? 
how to maintain the calories in rice  ( which were present in it in its raw form )  after cooking it ? 
is my bacon still safe after being left at room temp .  for 32 hours ? 
why does readymade food always have so much flavor to it ? 
is it safe to prepare a crock pot recipe the night before ? 
browning beef in beef stew ? 
what should be the material of the vessels to be used in an electric oven ? 
how can i rescue a soft boiled egg that is too soft ? 
what is the difference between cajun and creole cuisine ? 
what is the best method of storage for condiments ? 
are caraway seeds and fennel seeds the same ? 
is it safe to leave a broth simmering overnight on an electric stove ? 
can i put any kind of bowl into a steam / rice cooker ? 
can i use a waffle iron as a panini press ? 
can i still eat this fish ? 
what type of fish would be best suited for a trio pairing of sashimi ,  crudo and ceviche ? 
can i freeze milk ? 
need solution for increasing shelf life for my hot sauce recipie that requires cooking and refrigeration
what is an 8 . 5 x 4 . 5in bread pan in uk lb based pan sizes ? 
using gas cooker now having problem cooking food
do fresh ramen noodles come in a curly form ,  or only instant ? 
what kind of cookies can be shaped ? 
how thick should be the sponge for a swiss roll ? 
my shrink wrapped steaks are brown when i thaw them ! 
how long to store slow-cooked chicken in liquid in fridge ? 
what is the name of this chinese fish soup where guests cook their own fish in broth ? 
how can i reduce the salt taste in a dish
how do i cook a chicken to make it really really really soft ? 
sous vide without vacuum .  what liquid should be used ? 
what is a substitute for red or white wine in a recipe ? 
how do banana peels reflect its ripening state ?  can we influence that in our kitchen ? 
is there a good way to cook a hamburger on a cast iron skillet ? 
is nattou safe to eat when it has white dots on it ? 
best way to cut up a cheesecake into bites
how do i make my sorbet thicker ? 
can i cook / eat unhulled malted barley ? 
glass cooktop safety
what happens if i use vegetable oil in a cake ? 
home-made smoker
how do you know what ' s in your pantry ? 
what general rules should i follow to ensure that my measurements are accurate ? 
is using vinegar a viable way to reduce burning ?  how would it affect taste ? 
why would i want to use the creaming method in waffles ? 
why does my food taste like propane when i grill ? 
how to pan sear salmon without burning the skin ? 
frozen blueberries kept thawed
brined chicken - too salty
how do i know if food left at room temperature is still safe to eat ? 
using light cream instead of milk in crepes ? 
what will happen to my cake if i don ' t cream the butter enough ? 
making pasta: is oil justified ? 
how are jasmine and basmati rice related ,  how are they different ? 
what does to deglaze a pan mean ? 
what is this fruit ? 
why is lye used in some recipes for cookies ? 
what can i do to dry out my marshmallows ? 
restaurants terms
pumpkin baby food
how to ensure carrot pieces stay longer in the refrigerator ? 
refreezing thawed out bread dough
how can i improve the presentation of the food i serve ? 
how to curb the smell of fish ? 
where can i buy american style bread flour in europe
missing ingredients in banana bread
what can i use as a substitute for grated coconut in heavy syrup ? 
why add vanilla extract after removal from the heat ,  and what about fake vanilla extract ? 
what ' s the purpose of sugar in a pickling solution ? 
how to spread peanut butter that is required to stay refrigerated ? 
did i ruin my stoneware dutch oven by heating it on a gas stove ? 
what is the delicious brown layer that appears when you fry or bake apples ,  plums ,  apricots ,  etc .  ? 
can i substitute a stainless steel pot for the traditional iron dutch oven ? 
how do you stop latkas from sticking to the baking sheet when cooking them in the oven ? 
how to make my scrambled eggs more yellow ? 
how long can chicken stay out raw at room temperature before becoming unedible ? 
how to adjust stewing time for different weights of meat ? 
over mixing ,  when do i have to be aware of it ?   ( baking cookies ) 
bread for the very beginner
substituting butter for oil: does it matter for baked goods ? 
reduce the watering from tomatoes in a dish or sauce
substituting mayonaise for vegetable oil
how did egg-centric dishes become "breakfast only" food in american cuisine ? 
what is the meaning of "cream of x" in a soup ? 
what would be an alternative cooking technique for the orion cooker to get more tender ribs ? 
how to get rids of flies and ants after you put cooked meals on the table ? 
how to cut an egg without the yolk sticking to the knife ? 
sauerkraut / sourkraut - ratio of grams of salt to grams of raw cabbage ? 
how long should i cook a carvery shoulder of lamb ,  and at what temperature ? 
utensil to thaw meat
are pumpkin sprouts edible ? 
what kind of flour is needed for strudel / fillo dough ? 
do i need malt vinegar for pickling onions ? 
meals to cook using a whole chicken
broiler drawer vs oven broiler ? 
is it safe to eat a non-refrigerated store-bought pizza base ? 
can i use store-bought orange juice instead of fresh squeezed
spooning cake mix
glazing pastry - egg white or milk ? 
making fruit syrup less viscous while retaining flavor
crispy sweet potato  ( yam )  fries in a deep fryer ? 
an alternative to baileys ? 
adding adjuncts to meringues
how to get glac icing right on a cake ? 
are there differences when working with light-colored palm sugar versus dark ? 
can i use sage tea as a herb while cooking
is soy yogurt considered a fermented food ? 
where did hot dogs get their name ? 
buttermilk pancake mix is green ? 
pot selection for fudge
how do i pickle hot peppers ? 
accentuating garlic flavour
is it possible to bake a cake without an oven ? 
what kind of foods react with aluminium pressure cookers ? 
baking  ( pizza )  stone and effects on puff pastry
jam rolly-polly
how to make yogurt without any existing yogurt
how to keep frozen puff pastry dough keep its shape
flank postmortem  ( how i was outflanked ) 
smoked meats how to cool
browning reheated food with only a microwave
marinating chicken before stewing it .  will there be a significant difference in the flavour ? 
should i use a metal pan or non-stick pan for cooking salmon on the stove top ? 
oil temperature for flavor extraction ? 
type of salt to use for indian recipes
ice cream bar wrapping machine suggestions ? 
what can i subsitute for aluminum foil in the oven ?  i am allergic to aluminum
how to change this frosting recipe to get a thicker result ? 
does vinegar have the same function as tartaric acid in a pavlova ? 
why fry onions without oil and then add oil ? 
how should one go about reheating pasta ? 
what ' s  ( really )  the difference between fruit and vegetables ? 
how do you correctly soften butter for spreading ? 
estimating sugar & cream for a coffee service
why doesn ' t my bread rise in the oven ?   ( not first rise ) 
what would the best cornflour substitute be for a pavlova ? 
how does adding baking soda to soaking beans / lentils reduce the gas they make you have ? 
how do you dry herbs ? 
chemistry of different brands of baking powder
what kind of meat is used at carving stations ? 
how to skewer a baked potato without leaving bits of foil
is it possible to make elbow pasta at home ? 
saved-for-later then reheated potato mixture sparks and catches fire in microwave
cutting sushi rolls
online freely available cookbooks
why are my sous vide salmon fillets coming out raw in the center ? 
what is inside the prawn cocktail crisps flavour ? 
seasoning on magnalite anodized aluminum fry pans needs to be removed and re-done ,  what is process ? 
can kale be hot like horseradish ? 
what is the difference between regular  ( vege .  oil )  and butter recipe cake mixes ? 
how can i tell if the food inside a pressure cooker is done cooking ? 
is it safe to eat a chicken that leaked a ton of red fluid after roasting ? 
flour alternatives for roux
forgot to turn on crock pot
difference between rajasthani "sev tamatar nu shak" and gujrati "sev tamatar nu shak"
when a recipe calls for a cup of chopped nuts ,  should they be measured before chopping or after chopping ? 
saut meat then vegatables ,  or vegetables then meat ? 
are red lentils and split red lentils the same ? 
what are the main styles of pizza that are popular in america ? 
how can i make the crust of my chicken pot pie crunchy ? 
cooking messy foods in a bamboo steamer without a cleaning nightmare
whole chicken roasting time
fatty liquid vs non fatty liquid in dough
copycat lime jello ? 
sausage exploded and looks foamy
how do i get the ground spices to mix into my curry ? 
baking yeast breads in gas oven ? 
mushroom substitutes
safe to use rice cooker after mold grew on rice ? 
wood for a cutting board ,  will sanding make it food safe ? 
what should i check when buying a pineapple ? 
can you freeze cheese and still keep the flavor when you defrost it ? 
should i peel my tomatoes before making a sauce ? 
how can i bake these cheese and pimento rolls so they ' re not gummy inside ? 
will i definitely get food poisoning from unrefrigerated meat ? 
how to remove commercial seasoning from skillet ? 
what ' s the best way to store potatoes and maximize their shelf-life ? 
seasoning new cast iron cookware
is the caramel recipe wrong ,  or is it my technique ? 
how can i save crumbly cookie dough ? 
what makes a bread either close or open crumbed / textured ? 
hanging at home
jalapeno condiment for pho
how long does it take to cook eggs safely as a function of temperature ? 
what is the world ' s hottest pepper ? 
what is the benefit to using a paper filter in a moka pot ? 
making high-quality frozen-food at home ? 
how long will egg yolks keep ? 
tennessee honey jack daniels substitution
what is the purpose of the sugar in ketchup ? 
freezing cooked rice ? 
sticky aluminum half sheet pans - self cleaning oven - what would happen ? 
why does my pan always splatter when i make chicken breasts ? 
soy chicken on a backpacking trip
how long do you have to cook adzuki beans in a pressure cooker before they ' re edible ? 
what is the ideal salt percentage to prepare a lacto fermented hot pepper sauce ? 
is there any danger to letting food cook in a slow cooker for a very long time ? 
which end of the cucumber should i save for later ? 
substituting red beans for adzuki beans ? 
what is meant by "cook until the oil separates" in indian curry recipes ? 
do products derived from coconut need to be kept cool ? 
why are italian eggs so yellow ? 
why is my pumpkin pie filling separating from my cake mix ? 
baking turnips but are coming out burnt or soggy
smoothie amount decreases
what is the difference between a turkey and a chicken in terms of taste , look and preparation ? 
best way to chop an onion ? 
i left a fully cooked honeybaked ham out overnight ,  and i am planning on making it into soup-is that ok ? 
canning lids twisting
cooking with chronic fatigue
deep freezing paneer  ( cottage cheese )  ? 
how safe is it to leave soup food out ? 
meat and fruit dessert
lemon juice curdling white chocolate
is raw honey safe to consume ? 
how can you make gelatin at home ? 
looking for a specific type of pasta to go with pesto
why is there cornstarch in powdered sugar ? 
what are the major differences between yams and sweet potatoes ? 
how to reduce spiciness from bbq sauce on chicken ? 
maintenance and safety of cast iron skillet
can active dry yeast be substituted for a compressed yeast cake in baking ? 
differences / similarities between cinnamon and nutmeg
how to pasteurize eggs in a sous vide machine  ( in the shell ) 
i am trying to cook buta no kakuni or japanese pork belly but it ' s tough
my cake batter always comes out sticky .  is this normal ? 
is there a general algorithm for calculating the amount of time to roast meat for ? 
ideal way to cook a chicken
how can i avoid from turning mushrooms brown while freezing it ? 
when slow cooking a whole chicken for curry ,  should i put the vegetables in at the same time or wait ? 
baking bread - stainless steel or potless ? 
basil - to wash or not to wash ?  best practices ? 
using medium chilli powder instead of kashmiri chillis ,  what ratio should be used ? 
roasting corn in the oven
do tinned foods go off  ( stale )  ? 
storing pizza stone in oven
does julia child ' s crme brle work ? 
is there a substitute for chocolate graham crackers ? 
topping bread with poppy seeds or sesame seeds
what ' s the best way to cook bbq ribs in the oven and grill ? 
how best to toast / brown marzipan ? 
source for comestible cracked corn
what is water temperature after electric kettle switches off ? 
how much salt should i add to a dish ? 
what does "natural" actually mean ? 
how long will jalepenos last in the freezer ? 
can you make sourdough starter without throwing any away ? 
advice on use and care of le creuset cast iron skillet
could a cast iron skillet change its ways and be kosher for a vegan ? 
saving my  ' bacon ' 
how long should you cook lamb steaks ? 
can you put polystyrene in the microwave oven
what is the difference between a biscuit and a roll ? 
how is pt made ?  what are the ingredients ? 
how to veganize and improve this cake recipe ? 
is it ok to use a metal turner in a wok ? 
are my gas stove burners clicking due to high elevation ? 
do toasted nuts quickly lose flavor ? 
can i salvage an uncooked bread ? 
is there a significant difference between french press coffee and moka pot coffee ? 
multiple tea infusions and caffeine concentration
what can i do with shredded wheat shreds ? 
12-hour fermentation makes dough wetter
standing rib roast
if i only want to use part of a can of beans ,  what are my options with the rest ? 
why did my reverse spherification method fail to produce proper spheres ? 
using sous-vide oven to make stock or soup  ( no bags ) 
reheating homemade meal
slow roasting; internal temperature higher than oven temperature
what does adding dark rum give to a fajita stir-fry ? 
closest substitute for alder wood chips when smoking ? 
how to cook pelmeni in microwave
what kinds of metals are good for a salt shaker ? 
slow cooker  /  crock pot temperature confusion  ( everything boils ) 
adjusting cookie recipes for high altitude
how can chicken offal be cooked to be as tender as possible ? 
gluten free gnocchi tasting too much like potato
quiche filling sets like an aero bar ? 
using anise seed instead of star anise
are smoked pork chops from the butcher safe to eat without any further cooking ? 
how long will blackberries keep in the refrigerator if they have been cooked with sugar and water added ? 
how to keep lemons ,  oranges and grapefruits fresh longer ? 
how to make cheesecake less tangy
other than gelatin what makes gummy bears chewy ? 
how can i achieve a good socarrat with paella cooked in the oven ? 
defrosting frozen soup
emulating starbucks frappuccino cream base
how much citric acid powder to use when preparing fruit for drying
 ( why )  do onions taste sweeter when cooked at lower temperature ? 
after breakfast ,  egg plate clean up
what are some alternatives to xanthan gum for stabilizing mayonnaise ? 
fresh pasta noodles in lasagna
using homemade pasta instead of dried in a bake
what is the name of this french food ? 
how can i determine canning processing times ? 
what ' s the best time and temperature for tenderness when baking red potatoes ? 
expiration dates of food items
can this spritz cookie dough be saved
how should i organize making a cake days ahead ? 
where can i buy bulk wild meat in montreal ? 
conflicting instructions from different sources: roasting chicken
why is mixing good whiskey with cola / ginger ale frowned upon ? 
hollandaise or bernaise ? 
should patina be burned  ( wok seasoning ) 
how should baking soda be used to tenderize meat ? 
in a tomato sauce recipe ,  how can i cut the acidity ? 
can i use a plastic cup instead of a ramekin for my panna cotta ? 
how to safely store melamine plates ? 
pizza crust mix for pizza with cast iron pan ? 
does roasted garlic leave no aftertaste and smell
thawing and broiling steak
potatoes in bread ?  how to estimate potatoes needed ? 
how to save hardened fondant ? 
fat content in homemade stock
what are the breads with big holes and small holes called ? 
can a sourdough starter be kept alive if you live in a dry climate ? 
boiling chicken breast  ( or any meat )  before cooking to cook evenly
roasted pork leg is dried out
ideal temperature and stabilizer for chewy ice cream ? 
what is the best time and temperature for taste when cooking a salmon fillet in the oven ? 
premium young chicken packed in broth
 ' sweet milk '  substitute in an old recipe
how much juice is in 1 pear
why reoil a cast-iron pan after usage ? 
what are these dark green spots inside raw eggs ? 
should i rinse canned beans before using them ? 
what can i do with 500 ml of demi glace ? 
what does pulling on syrup  ( in the semi-solid state )  do to the texture / taste ? 
savoury equivalent of choco-cornflake cakes
make spring rolls in advance
how to store hard boiled eggs that are peeled so to avoid moisture build up ? 
blender vs food processor vs juicer
utensil materials - plastic ,  metal or wooden ? 
pork tenderloin safe to eat ? 
will a small "breather tube" on my bottles harm the oil / vinegar / liquor inside ? 
what is the purpose of using onions in  ( almost )  every soup recipe ? 
how long do vitamins last in multivitamin juice ? 
can i cook with fire ? 
holes in baked cake
container for keeping butter / chocolate at 74f / 66f  ( 23c / 19c )  ? 
how to turn over large number of items halfway through baking oven
is it possible to get veal that is not incredibly fatty ? 
is it safe to store hot tea in pet bottles ? 
substitute yogurt powder for confectioners sugar when making royal icing
help !  chicken and wild rice soup needs some extra flavor
cafe brulot in emily post ' s etiquette
cause for popovers not rising in oven ? 
technique for shaping meat for cordon blue  ( alike ) 
kitchenaid mixer dropping metal shavings
how do i clean a pasta maker ? 
why would roast beef broth turn white ? 
baking concentrate using hard alcohol ex jack daniels
converting peppermint marshmallow recipe to raspberry
what can be substituted for vinegar in sushi rice ? 
alternative to pan frying fish fillet ? 
why do people put oil / butter in pan when frying ground beef ? 
what is that gooey stuff from okra ? 
which non penetrating method is recommended to check chicken breasts for done-ness when pan fried
can someone tell me what exactly is msg used for ? 
can i use expired cream cheese spread ? 
anyone knows how this seed / fruit is called ?   ( bush ) 
what is the orange part on a scallop ? 
why isn ' t it safe to eat raw chicken ? 
can fish stock be left simmering for a long time without damaging the flavor ? 
what methods are there of getting fresh local meat & produce ? 
margarine in place of shortening
how to replicate golden brown color of mcdonalds chicken nuggets ? 
fake truffle oil
soaking fruit in alcohol
what is a good vegetarian source of umami flavour ? 
camellia sinensis var .  assamica in yunnan ? 
best way to infuse flavour into boiled potatoes
is having an extending blade near the knife handle a serious risk when cutting food ? 
do oven door liners commonly need replacing ? 
how many different varieties of  ' pancake '  are there ? 
why does my bread smell like vinegar ? 
in belgium or from where to buy this grill over rack ,  steamer rack ? 
what ingredients will allow me to make a foam with a whipped cream charger ? 
why do the bottoms of my cookies look like cakes ? 
what is a substitute for maple extract ? 
problems with my technique in making a belgian liege waffle
use foil as dutch oven lid for loaf pan
how is uht milk heated to a high temperature for only 12 seconds ? 
lumps of flour in my sauce
canning pickles
how do i flip an egg when preparing it "over easy" ? 
what is chickpea flour used for ? 
wok and electric hob - which ring to use ? 
why do bread companies add sugar to bread ? 
chocolate and oil mixed
how do cooking utensils remain safe for use ? 
can i use mulled wine for deglazing a beef stew ? 
whisky instead of wine in marinades ? 
why add breadcrumbs to meatballs ? 
how do i leave fried eggs intact ? 
is it okay to slow cook sausage casserole without pan frying the sausages ? 
is it safe to reuse loose tea leaves the next day ?  what precautions need to be taken for storing tea for reuse ? 
difference between pan-cooking with and without oil
cooking temperature and time adjustments for cooking several whole fish in a conventional oven ? 
how do i make my roti dough stretch thinner ? 
substitues for vegetable oil -spread-
which non-stick pan to buy ? 
vegemite in a tube ? 
replacement for ground almonds in a joconde sponge
unroasted coffee beans in the pantry ,  several years old: roast ,  toss ,  or other use ? 
what is the difference between custard pie and custard tart ? 
can you thicken a pudding just by reducing ? 
why can ' t i get that grilled taste from my outdoor grill ? 
why are baking measurements such nice round numbers ? 
can semifreddo be used in fried ice cream recipe ? 
i have an insanely hot pepper: now what ? 
"frying" an egg in soy souce ? 
what is the best vegan substitute for lard ? 
cook mashed potatoes in buttermilk
which bbq grill is better: cast iron or steel
is there a tradition where eating something sweet before something savory is the norm ? 
vanilla sugar substitution
how can i wrap fish for freezing if you don ' t have a vacuum seal ? 
is it possible to fry breaded or flour covered chicken with only butter ? 
which ingredient gives chicken pate its flavor ? 
how to combine chocolate and garlic in the same dish ? 
what is a good brand for teflon pans ? 
chow mein: what is the starchy sauce called and how can i cook it ? 
can one use chocolate fves / callets / nibs for tempering ? 
getting rid of white foods in my diet .  forget it
does a grill in a uk recipe refer to a broiler in us ? 
no-bake cheesecake - freeze or chill overnight ? 
why might the pineapple on the bottom of the pineapple-upside-down-cake float into the batter ? 
why pre-mix baking soda into 2 tsp of milk ? 
substitute for calvados ,  reduced cider ? 
how do i intensify my marinade / brine ? 
make tomato sauce from fresh tomatoes ? 
sourdough teacakes / hot cross buns ? 
what are recommendable coffee roast types for aeropress ? 
whatever has happened to this fork ? 
what is the difference between pot roasting and braising ? 
keeping a bakers and chefs stainless steel10 skillet from burning foods
after how much time do ground / powdered spices start losing their flavor ? 
using a paper towel as a splatter shield: great idea or terrible accident waiting to happen ? 
how do you steam vegetables ? 
how do i substitute stevia for sorbitol ? 
what is the difference between liquid and powdered pectin ? 
how long will sake last in the fridge ? 
sauteing onions to the point of transparency - what is ideal ? 
how to bake without an oven ? 
are my pickled peppers safe to eat ? 
thicker steak: pan seared then oven
fresh herbs going bad
what are some alternative sources of calcium  ( to milk )  for the lactose-intolerant ? 
best practices for cooking with psyllium husk ? 
do some fish smell "fishier" ?  why ? 
how much of toxins really penetrate melons ? 
should dry salami develop green mould ? 
how long to boil crab for ? 
how can i tell when red bananas are ripe ? 
how long will uncooked chicken keep in the fridge ? 
why don ' t oyster crackers contain oysters ? 
why does steamed potatoes sometimes have a smooth ,  banana-like texture ? 
can you develop an immunity to chopping onions causing tears ? 
curing bacon with a wet brine ,  without nitrates
can i defrost chicken to separate then refreeze ? 
difference between baking a cake in cooking range and microwave oven
substitute for onion powder
is  ' pizza yeast '  any different than normal baking yeast ? 
what are the parts of the corn plant ? 
thickening old mushroom soup
hamilton beach 5 qt slow cooker bad taste and smell
can i salvage cookie dough made with whole eggs instead of yolks ? 
adjusting cooking temperature and time
can i freeze all cookie dough ?  how far in advance can i make it ? 
can i re-process homemade applesauce canned in a boiling water canner that is too thick and pasty ? 
how to figure out where is the best place to store homemade cookies: in the fridge or on the counter ,  in an airtight container or elsewhere
homemade preserves
what is the best substitute for provolone ? 
what might cause a tangy flavor in hummus ? 
how do i make prettier fried eggs ? 
roasting pan for a small oven
can i substitute almond meal for breadcrumbs in meatballs ? 
how can i make use of an underripe mango
what is the white foam that builds up when i make tea ? 
how to stop a sponge cake  ( chiffon cake )  from deflating / sinking ? 
does commercial sour cream still contain live bacteria ? 
salty chili and too spicy
what happens to the flavour of meat when you cook it star anise with onions ? 
what is room temp butter
what ' s the best water temperature for making pizza dough
food mills versus food strainer / sauce makers
how to turn pasta sauce into a longer-lasting ketchup ? 
how can i cook more flavorful chicken through and through ? 
how should i reheat beef tenderloin ? 
making lemon oil from vodka
looking for meal-planning  /  grocery list software
how to  ( cheaply )  maintain a plentiful herb supply
can i use any other flavor instead of vanilla in copycat sonic shake recipe ? 
is there anything special about fugu meat ? 
can a blunt knife be sharpened ? 
non-spicy flavors for a spicy-hot food lover ? 
how to make canollis without a deep frier ? 
is it possible to make breads using cake techniques ? 
are there benefits to using a lemon squeezer ? 
can i use all-purpose flour instead of cake flour ? 
when coating raw meat with flour ,  does leaving it for a period of time make the flour  ' disappear '  ? 
baileys ice cream stabilizer
what makes frozen burger patties bland ? 
how do you cut / process a whole pineapple ? 
heart shaped fruit cake: how to prevent uneven baking
can crumbled feta cheese last almost a year ? 
substituting fresh vegetables / fruits for canned
why do fridge temperature standards between us and other countries differ ? 
why does soy milk curdle when salt is added
can you use brandy instead of rum in cake recipe
why does salt prevent soy milk from curdling in hot coffee ? 
why would coffee cause stomach cramps ?  are there alternatives to caffeine ? 
pasta: is simmering equivalent to roiling boil ? 
how long pasteurized eggs can be refrigerated ? 
slow cooking chicken breast
what is the purpose of using ping pong balls on top of a sous vide bath ? 
fresh half and half curdles in hot coffee
i have a french coconut pie recipe that calls for 1 / 2 cup butter .  could i replace it with condensed milk instead ? 
soft dinner rolls always taste bland or flat
how can i make creme fraiche quickly without waiting for it to curdle ? 
coating fruit before adding to a cake
how do high-end restaurants promote such intense flavour in vegetables ? 
can i make my chips crunchy again after they have gone soggy ? 
what temperatures should i keep my refrigerator and freezer set at ? 
why is the alcohol content in british beer so weak ? 
why does my pizza dough stick to my peel ? 
how long can i store cooking wine ? 
separating almond flour from almond meal
is there a fool proof way to fry sausage ? 
necessary to change chemical leavener for sugar substitution in baking recipe ? 
panna cotta recipe ideas
non-plastics storage suggestions
what made my pancakes taste fizzy ? 
does canning stock raise its temperature too high ? 
what is suitable food for long travelling with minimum comfort ? 
when should i use the convection setting in my oven ? 
what methods are appropriate for preparing a  ' chow chow '   ( chayote )  ? 
how to quickly prepare snails ? 
how long do you have to cook lemon curd for ? 
heated up oil for frying ,  stirred it ,  tiny bubbles appeared and rose slowly but with very loud popping sound - why ? 
how to honey roast peanuts ? 
how do i calculate the nutritional values of a recipe ? 
can i let food be tested for spoilage after freezer power outage ? 
how to eat / serve take no tsuyu  (  )  ? 
lighter chocolate cake
how does thermal shock affect pans made of different materials ? 
technical name for a manual food processor
how can i make 1 1 / 2 cup of all purpose flour to 1 1 / 2 cup of self ' rising flour ? 
does creme fraiche contain live bacteria in the same way that yoghurt does ? 
soak clams with cornmeal: yes or no ? 
pizza in oven : bottom / mid / top
is it ok to marinate chicken and pork together ? 
flat thai panaeng curry
buttermilk + butter = ? 
how do i prevent tomatoes from falling in a green salad ? 
toning down the fresh chilli picquancy
homemade kahlua - something missing
to refreeze or to refrigerate ? 
when to use glass vs .  metal vs .  stoneware baking dish ? 
are feral hog hind quarters hams ,  or a different type of pork ? 
are these eggs rotten ? 
what is the shelf life of ultra clear rice protein powder ? 
what are the differences between types of soy sauce ? 
packaging an uncooked / raw hot sauce
canning tomato sauce problem ,  jar broken in boiling method
are there any guidelines for converting cooking recipes from regular ovens to convection ? 
how to select a drain rack for pots and pans ? 
do these fish have bones ,  and are they dangerous ? 
dry milk in bread: purpose ,  and substitutions
what is it that makes bacon so delicious ? 
how do packet cake mixes get their lightness without creaming butter and sugar ? 
how do you cook pork chops without drying them out ? 
issue starting a sourdough starter
how to create the best veg noodles ? 
how much longer do i cook the roast ? 
what differences ,  practical and aesthetic ,  are there between egg washes ? 
cast iron pan rusting on bottom surface
how to recover vegetables that get "refrigerator crisper chill" ? 
how do you cook boneless chicken thighs ? 
pudding control sample measurements
what oil or fat to use for different purposes ? 
canned unopened and unrefrigerated juice lasts longer in the pantry than the freezer ? 
will 93% lean ground beef stick in a non-stick skillet without oil ? 
how do i start juicing ? 
is salt related to smell ? 
what is the ingredient that makes my takeout lo mein smoky tasting ? 
how can i fix rips in a puff pastry sheet ? 
counteracting a metallic taste in canned tomatoes ? 
what ' s the difference between a burrito and a tortilla ? 
blanching time for different vegetables
how to make tofu that is crispy and flavorful outside and soft inside ? 
can i use agar as a coagulant to make homemade tofu ? 
do i have to put suet in my canned mincemeat ? 
what are these little balls in my sardines ? 
how to take care of silicone cookware
how to preserve eggplants / brinjals ? 
how to reduce the heat on a gas burner
can you buy plastic food containers like "tupperware" in specific or custom dimensions ? 
my parchment paper soaked in oil after finish baking cookies
cooking cheap cuts of beef
stuffing bread for the next day
what conditions make xanthan thicken ? 
should i cover food while reheating it in a microwave ? 
what to do with leftover egg whites ? 
how to make fried chicken tender and juicy ? 
is there a method to pour espresso shots without damaging the crema ? 
i ' m trying to make yogurt ,  but it won ' t turn out .  can someone help ? 
how to get a sourdough like effect without the hassle of a real sourdough starter ? 
what could possibly happen if i overmix the butter and sugar in a cookie recipe ? 
can i use a rice cooker with flavored rice boxes ? 
what is bakery emulsion and how is it different from flavoring extract ? 
advice for grilling steak on char broil performance 4 burner
i would like to know how to thicken sauces with blood and is it safe ? 
why does tomato sauce spatter more than other sauces ? 
cabbage slaw w /  teriyaki ? 
how do i measure the ripeness of my tomatoes ? 
fruit oil extraction
what ' s the point of "cheese alternative" that has dairy in it ? 
seasoning none stick teflon pans
how to use and store galangal ? 
could coconut cream be used to create a non-dairy ganache for whipping ? 
chocolate and oil how to store this
how to eat this kind of cheese
avocado substitute in blueberry muffin recipe
what ' s the best approach to get runny-yolk sunny side up fried eggs ? 
what do i do about mold on my sourdough starter ? 
chemically ,  what happens when you temper an egg ? 
how can i maximize the caffeine content of my coffee ? 
are vegetable  ( or coconut )  oils more common used for frying and cooking than extra olive oil or it is a myth ? 
where can i find dried great northern beans ? 
how to replace marshmallows in rice krispies cakes ? 
how long does it take to ripen tomatoes in a bag with bananas ? 
what are good instructional cooking tv shows ? 
recreating a mexican spice blend i have bought
using parchment paper to bake whoopie pies
home made cough sweets didn ' t set properly
getting flavor powders to stick to nuts
drying whole ,  small fish at home
dry roasting nuts and spices beforehand
what is special about pork that makes it so suitable for curing ? 
is there a way to safely can pesto sauce ? 
custard recipe without commercial custard powder
how to identify turkey liver
substitution for fresh corn
what substitution can i make for blonde cane sugar in macaroons ? 
are there any special techniques for tempering dark chocolates with different cacao percentages ? 
sardines without the nasty breath ? 
can i add frozen vegetables to my thawed chicken meat in a slow cooker ? 
fruit salad with tomatoes
cooking pot with lid for saving gas but that doesn ' t overflow ? 
how to replace chicken with tofu in a curry
what are best practices for using yoghurt as a marinade ? 
why didn ' t my laminated dough rise ? 
can i still use frozen beef brisket left out at room temperature for 12 hours ? 
is there a close substitution for shallots ? 
how to make sweet potatoes disintegrate in stew
cooking fishcakes for 1 year old---how to hold shape and get soft juicy texture ? 
slow-fermented bread doesn ' t rise
how can i know when my yogurt is ready  ( in a generic ,  basic ,  non-us yogurt maker )  ? 
what is a good website or book to learn kitchen techniques ? 
how to keep aglio olio warm ? 
convert grill recipe to convection toaster oven ? 
how do i properly freeze a frosted cake ? 
if you freeze and later melt egg whites would they still be suitable to whip
will the bean salad dressing that i made ahead of time still work ? 
is pork for bo ssam made entirely without oil ? 
why do organic eggs seem to be spoiled right after purchasing ? 
how to tell when fish is done baking ? 
advice for cooking two pumpkin pies at once
does polenta freeze well ? 
can i make puff pastry with half the butter ? 
non teflon rice cooker reccomendations
simmering split peas smell bitter - why ? 
what happened ,  when i boiled this pot dry ? 
are asian pears bitter ?  mine was
what is the best / easiest way to juice a watermelon ? 
can i leave uncooked rice sitting in water for an hour or longer before cooking ? 
how to make a cake less dense
what does "rap" mean for brownies recipe ? 
what all fruits / crops can be stored in natural temperature for a long time ? 
how long will a frozen lamb roast stay "good"  ? 
pastry not "sticking" to beef wellington
how many large marshmallows equals 2 cups of mini marshmallows
what type of yoghurt should i use for making curry ? 
should beef jerky be cut with or across the grain ? 
can i substitute unsweetened cocoa powder for unsweetened baker ' s chocolate ? 
what savory flavors would pair well with chocolate pasta ? 
store cracked eggs for a week ? 
can you sharpen a ceramic knife ? 
i need melted butter
making cake icing look professionally smooth
what to do with the fat rendered when making beef stock ? 
freezer warmed to -6c .  safe to eat the food ? 
chocolate spread preservation
spatchcock turkey breast
my pesto turned solid .  why ? 
can basil flowers be substituted for basil leaves to make tea ? 
what meats are appropriate for dry-aging
can i use the green part of leeks for stocks ? 
what is the best western / cheap substitute for banana leaf ? 
is there a drink that ' s analogous to coffee but made with cocoa beans ? 
how does good pasta dough feel to the touch ? 
carbon steel pans in dollar store
is it necessary to rinse chinese or other tea before first brew  /  steep  /  infusion ? 
what ' s the source of the sweetness in tomato sauce that ' s simmered for at least four hours ? 
food safety regarding re freezing twice cooked chicken
substituting hazelnuts for almonds ,  baking
steam oven vs conventional oven
how to extend holding time for poached eggs ? 
why is it dangerous to eat meat which has been left out and then cooked ? 
can oil be replaced with yoghurt in a cake recipe ? 
is it safe to eat a cake with semi spoiled lemon rind ? 
food sticking to fry pan
can avocado substitute the  ' fat '  in cake baking ? 
how do i know when quiche is finished cooking ? 
cleaning silver with aluminum
what kind of cabbage is on my photo ? 
for how long should i cook onion paste ? 
how do i eliminate corn meal "grittiness" ? 
how do i properly use a ceramic honing steel ? 
how do you minimize cake doming ? 
how can i get my bacon less salty ? 
how to approximate the maillard temperature  ( 154c )  in a pan ? 
trick to making perfect egg ribbons ? 
why are oil bubbles when cooking bacon only around the bacon ? 
rendered pork fat vs lard vs bacon fat ? 
curry powder mix
does store-bought kombucha spoil ?  if so ,  how can i tell ? 
why does my wonder pot now bake unevenly ? 
what ' s the technique for frying plantain ? 
homemade mustard is bland
my espresso shot is extracting too quick ,  what am i doing wrong ? 
what can i do to make wood dust for cold smoking ? 
cooking with a crock pot - temp
does oxidation inhibit caramelization ? 
blue / green mold on sourdough starter
can i add uncooked noodles directly to soup ? 
how can i make chinese fried rice like they do on the east coast ? 
what should i do with too-dry vanilla beans ? 
is this chicken situation safe to cook and eat ? 
what is a good way to steam tamales without a "tamale steamer ? "
ambiguities in gravlax recipe
how to remove alcohol taste from vanilla extract ? 
are there any differences between the commonly recommended types of woods for chopping boards ? 
using rainbow chard for spanakopita
what to do when i accidentally put too much salt on the meat ? 
can you freeze a pecan pie ? 
why does my ricotta cheese go bad in a few days ? 
knife chopping through bone or coconut
non-dairy creamer ,  dry
what is the purpose of baking soda in chocolate-chip cookies ? 
sanitization ,  disinfection ,  sterilization of dishwasher ? 
does domino ' s use rennet-free cheese ? 
re-heat meringues after having them in the fridge for a long time ? 
how to hand-select the perfect coffee bean ? 
what method of extracting oil from almonds preserves the most almond flavor ? 
what are the  ' natural flavors '  in a fruit drink that contains no juice ? 
does putting knives in a wooden block blade down wear out the blade ? 
rib roast rare standing up or lying down ? 
par boil roast potatoes
why did my hummus go bad ? 
why does a mix of condensed milk ,  cocoa and coconut solidify in the fridge ? 
is there a difference between brie & camembert ? 
how to make salt in burger permeate throughout the entire meat ? 
wet cured ham spoilage
best vessel for frying
storing bechamel sauce
how do i clean a moldy rice cooker heating element ? 
what can i do with a large amount of glac cherries ? 
pie crust -- cutting to mix
what should i use to marinate chicken with a lime seasoning ? 
what ' s the point of using sugar in savory dishes ? 
creating a specific cream for a cake ? 
using the same baking paper as always ,  suddenly my bread sticks ,  what ' s happening ? 
why mono and diglycerides instead of xanthan ? 
cracking open a pistachio
how to get pickled mushrooms to be less sour ? 
keeping food warm: does cast iron make a suitable potluck vessel ? 
what ' s a good resource for knowing what spices are and what to use them in ? 
how can i tell if my acorn squash is ripe before cutting it open ? 
has there been some change in the varieties of broccoli sold in us supermarkets in the last few years ? 
how do you know how much garlic to add to a dish and in what form ? 
tomato bisque soup too sweet
do i cover a pork roast ? 
mexican ceviche vs .  japanese sashimi
suitable oil for woking ? 
tamagoyaki eggs sticking to the pan
i use 1 / 2 cup shortening and 1 / 2 cup butter in baking chocolate chips cookies but they always fall flat
does white chocolate have to have milk in it ? 
how do i bake cakes in a gas oven without a temperature knob ? 
are electric knives used in foodservice ? 
crisping prosciutto
are potato fruits  ( not "potatoes" )  edible ? 
can i use short rib bones alone to make beef stock ? 
how to prevent minced chicken from sticking and forming a single lump ? 
trouble tempering valrhona couverture manjari  ( 64% )  chocolate
can i use a fresh peach in place of preserves ? 
how to properly measure the temperature of meat with a meat thermometer
alternative milk bean curd
fastest way to cook a baked potato ? 
my water is boiling too fast
is it possible to make kataifi dough  ( by yourself or starting from filo dough )  ? 
can sunflower or coconut oil be substituted for vegetable shortening in cake icing ? 
what should i use to build a parrilla ? 
can all recipe ingredient quantities be halved or doubled without altering taste ? 
do i have to discard leftover sushi ? 
mold is growing on my cheese ,  what is common practice ? 
pizza dough ingredients too runny even after adding flour
what is this dough called ? 
how do you remove the pit from a mango ? 
storing and re-using rendered duck fat
what do the numbers on my deep fryer dial mean ? 
why does my beet kvass taste bad ? 
what is the best way to store fruit in bulk to make smoothies ? 
what is the best way to make purple butter icing ? 
how do tomatillos differ in taste from under-ripe tomatoes ? 
how can i make delicious pastries in advance of serving day
reheated half a cherry pie in the oven .  accidentally left it in said oven overnight
how safe is steak tartare ? 
chicken characteristics
green and white mold on dry part of onion only .  what to do ? 
how to evenly bake a daquoise disk ? 
how to make store bought whole multi grain bread softer ? 
crushed tomatoes - sub with diced or whole ? 
what would happen if i add wine to yeast bread ? 
what type of sausage for bangers and mash ? 
can you make french toast without eggs and gluten ? 
i am attempting to preserve the shelf life of ice tea up to six months with citric acid ,  i need a perfected ratio ? 
what is meant by "place 4 inches apart on cookie tray" ? 
how to prevent a cookie from becoming spongy like a cake ? 
what ' s the best material for a durable muffin pan
what kind of rice should i use for frying ? 
what should the consistency of pudding be ? 
is foul fair ?   ( or what is this mystery bean ) 
replicating commercial gluten-free / non-gebrokts matzo -- where to start ? 
teabags: for how long should i let them sit in the hot water ? 
is it ok to leave a slow cooker unattended ? 
what does the term mirepoix mean ? 
eggs benedict using goats milk butter
how to avoid too hot pan that causes fire
is an oil-based roux cooked the same as one made with butter ? 
can you identify these chiles on sale in serbia and macedonia ? 
substitute for kirsch in leckerli  ( basel lackerli )  cookies ? 
does food get spoilt if it catches moisture ? 
is there an alternative and less toxic way to clean an oven than using oven spray ? 
how do i adjust cooking time for an under-powered microwave ? 
can you freeze apples ? 
smell something burning .  course of action ? 
can i use fermented milk product as starter culture ? 
what foods deliver well ? 
what is the ideal way to prepare  ( and the type of )  beef for a homemade meat pie ? 
spices storage conditions
cooked frozen chicken breasts
what are other uses for a pizza stone ? 
how to store a chicken sandwich overnight for lunch the next day
homemade yogurt nutrition info
is it better to use soft or hard ladyfingers when making tiramisu ? 
blueberry sauce
should i cook in the old carbon steel skillets i just bought at a flea market ?  and can i use them for campfire cooking ? 
less salty sauce based on soy
when soaking chickpeas  ( garbanzo beans )  ,  do i discard floaters ? 
cleaning a tea pot
freezing an apple pie
can i use a flavored liqueur to make vanilla extract ? 
italian sausage still a little pink ? 
cooking beef for pepper steak
is there a way to make delicious donuts with a small amount of oil ? 
what rice should i use when a recipe asks for "short grain rice" ? 
can meat and cheese be stored together ? 
what spike is this ?  identifying some utensils
how to make celery root dish without parmesan ? 
maillard in a pressure cooker
what ' s the us equivalent of double and single cream ? 
why baste bread with cornstarch ? 
how do you infuse the flavor of a sauce into chicken ? 
adjust salt  ( in mushrooms ) 
water + sugar solution preserves bread ? 
measuring egg whites
why does lemon juice thicken condensed milk ? 
why are there no recipes combining both yeast and baking powder ? 
what are the differences between candy thermometers and meat thermometers ? 
how much difference is there between brands of flour ? 
nut brittle -what went wrong ? 
in which items out of halwa ,  milk tea ,  cake ,  indian sweets ,  and custard can white sugar be replaced with jaggery ? 
rule of thumb for cooking or baking different quantities ? 
what kind of wok should i get ? 
bowed bottom on stainless steel fry pan
why do some foods taste better the next day ? 
does "american" food exist around the world ? 
removing the skin from chicken before or after cooking ? 
what to place beneath the vegetables before placing them on the baking tray ? 
how does a sourdough sponge work ? 
is there any other difference between the cakes and the cup cakes besides the size ? 
how to get more flavor out of dried herbs ? 
how long does butter cream icing keep ? 
is spaetzle a pasta or a dumpling ? 
how do you clean and season a cast iron pot ? 
why does roasting vegetables before pureeing into soup affect the flavour ? 
milk for coffee - shake and hit
how do i cut bones in preparing a fast brown stock  ( "fond brun rapide" )  ? 
is sushi so difficult ? 
how do you know when your flavor base is thoroughly sauteed ? 
sour tasting bamboo
is smoking with  ' barked '  wood dangerous ? 
are ladyfingers and genoise made the same way ? 
food safety - infused oil with dried herbs
is it safe to eat the skin of a potato ? 
better scrambled eggs
what is a hostess set of flatware ? 
excessive water when cooking scallops
how to cook bell peppers until they are very tender ,  but not broken down ? 
if i use a diffuser will i be able to use a pressure cooker to can food on my glass top stove ? 
woodfire oven how to get crust soft and tasty
is asparagus generally recognized as the best vegetable ,  and why ? 
wine selection when dining on horse meat ? 
bitter bell peppers
why is wine not a common ingredient in  ( meat )  stock ? 
what ingredients can be added to pasta to give a different color ? 
do you need to rinse liver ? 
stripping seasoning from cast iron
what kind of steak is this ? 
how do you properly cook cow tongue ? 
i fancy making flavoured  ' spaghetti '  ,  any tips ? 
low carb pizza dough recipe - how will this make dough ? 
best way to reheat pizza
expiration date on milk
is my pressure cooker good for the trash bin ? 
how hot is your oven ? 
baking course online
accompaniment for salty soup ? 
why does steak change colour after seasoning ? 
substituting quinoa flour for wheat flour in egg pasta
what are the differences between using whole wheat flour vs .  all purpose flour in batter for frying ? 
"squeaky" homemade mozzarella
uses for pork gelatin ? 
why does oil temperature rise when i put food in the pan
what is the impact of repeated cooling and reheating of maple syrup ? 
how do you prepare fresh fennel for cooking ? 
how long will fresh scallops keep in the refrigerator ? 
what is the conversion rate between plum tomatoes and "regular" tomatoes ? 
should one always use the whole garlic clove ? 
eating food from a slightly rusting cast iron dutch oven .  .  . is it safe ? 
can a blood orange be half bloody ? 
what fruits have a low sugar content ? 
how best to store steaks in the fridge  ( for taste ) 
other apple varieties for a granny smith fan
how long will a vinegar based marinade keep in fridge ? 
funnel-like device for putting non-liquids into a whipped cream dispenser ? 
what happens when butter stops foaming ? 
making toad in the hole with duck eggs
panda express style chow mein
how can i make my icecream soft as it is too hard to carve straight from the fridge ? 
should i oil my cast iron pan before storage ? 
sous vide vegetables packed in advance ? 
tempering raw cacao for coating
can the skin of lychee be used for anything ? 
does peppermint flavour work with orange flavour ? 
how can i make a chocolate cup that looks like the seaweed on a sushi roll ? 
is cooked fish as perishable as raw fish ? 
extent of poultry denaturing via freezing ( ice crystal formation )  ? 
how to make a restaurant style meatless hot and sour soup
ready made sugar syrup
are vacuum pump effective to improve wine conservation ? 
to bake a chicken in the oven
chili ended up tasting like indian food
tools to peel and crush a whole garlic bulb
pots and pans in the dishwasher
can buttermilk be frozen successfully ? 
why do red onions turn blue or green when cooking sometimes ? 
will steel cut oats work for oatmeal cookies ? 
what to add if low-carb muffins don ' t rise and are crumbly
what is the name of this israeli street food ? 
which types of fish in sushi must be cooked ? 
can hollandaise be made with frozen lemon juice ? 
short term storage of bechamel
what are the factors that affect the chewiness ,  softness ,  moisture of bread based desserts like cinnamon rolls ? 
is there an alternative wrap for spring rolls other than rice paper ? 
commercial fridge for thawing
why do i add stock to risotto slowly ? 
what are the differences between fresh beans and dried ones ? 
how do i stop my pastry shrinking ? 
how long does unrefrigerated shredded cheese last ? 
white ganache from cocoa butter won ' t set
can "canning" be achieved with "vacuum sealed" bags ? 
what flavour can cut through salt ? 
why does soymilk take longer to expire ? 
is it possible to patent recipes ? 
correct way to join two halves of sponge cake ? 
what are some vegan thickeners for beverages ? 
can i substitute marmalade for peach preserves ? 
what method yields best result for washing breads ? 
wine substitutions for homemade salami
why add in the eggs last when making chocolate chip cookies ? 
storing cooked potatoes in the fridge
sugar in indian curries ? 
how do i get rid of bugs in rice ? 
canning pickles and sealing lids
grapefruit recipe substitute to avoid medicine interaction ? 
amish friendship bread starter with buttermilk
does pre-packaged spaghetti sauce need to be cooked ? 
why hot pack when raw pack is just as fast ? 
sweet potatoes going black when peeled
how long & at what temp do i cook stuffed pork sirloin roast ? 
cooking stove vs cooking on open camp fire
what can be substitution of maple syrup for pancakes ? 
how can i get the maximum flavor from orange peels ? 
what causes water to boil over ? 
commercial yeast  (  saccharomyces cerevisiae )  in a sourdough culture
can raw eggs be frozen ? 
make a chocolate cake
dough too wet - what to do ? 
how can i reliably bake pizza with no temperature control or pizza stone ? 
riced potatoes recipe called steurens or steritz ? 
will tomatoes keep for longer if you keep the stalk in ? 
is it possible to can lemons in a simple syrup as opposed to using salt ? 
what is a moist vanilla bean ? 
what do i need to know when moving from an electric hob to a gas hob
if a few of my eggs crack when making them hard-boiled ,  is it still safe to eat them ? 
can i cook a pre-made meatloaf from frozen ? 
i have leftover baked chicken - can i reheat it on the grill ? 
can i fix butter  ( for a sauce )  after putting too much mustard in ? 
how to make fluffy rice and which type of type of rice to use ? 
what type of bread buns do premium burger restaurants use ? 
coffee biscuit doesn ' t come out in knock box
uses of leftover vegetables from slow cooker
how long do mushrooms stay good ? 
tomato pasta sauce splits .  why ? 
can i test my oven temperature without an oven thermometer ? 
can i defrost and refreeze chicken ? 
why do my snickerdoodles always come out flat ? 
what can i bake with only flour ,  water and sugar ? 
how does a whipped cream charger work ? 
sources for authentic recipes
help for thin flavorless jam
iron soup kettle with rust
minced meat malaise
what the advantage of a  ' bakers couche '  for proofing bread and is it safe ? 
on proper thermometer poking ? 
what are the most effective wheat flour substitutes ? 
impact of using egg yolks vs whites in a spaghetti dish ? 
how do canned soup companies keep their noodles from absorbing all the liquid in the can ? 
how can i fix a bitter raw leek soup ? 
can i use citric acid instead of lemon juice when canning ? 
does it matter that my pots are bigger than my ceremic cook top element ? 
best practices for cooking steaks such as rib-eye at home
why would different types of pots / pans  ( made from different metal )  give a different taste to food ? 
making my meringues form peaks
how did / do the russians make carrot tea ? 
when is slow cooking done - time vs temperature of meat
does method of coagulation matter when extracting ricotta from whey ? 
are there alternatives to okra as a thickening agent ? 
how to choose a premium dual fuel range  ( viking ,  wolf ,  aga ,  and the like .  .  .  ) 
what exactly is "sushi grade" fish ? 
when did the us start refrigerating eggs on a regular basis ? 
how long to defrost 11 1bs .  of chicken in the fridge ? 
water turned brown
what is the best wine to use in a fondue recipe ? 
what are some techniques to cool down a dish so that we can store it in the refrigerator safely ? 
why do doughnuts have holes ? 
how to get cracks in my ginger molasses cookies
how can you reduce the heat of a chili pepper ? 
tortilla recipe with longest shelf life
what to do when too much liquid added to flour mixture ? 
are there other parts of a lobster that are edible apart from the tail and claws ? 
are sesame greens served raw ,  or cooked ? 
name of a chinese sweet
what is a good recipe that uses a lot of evaporated and / or sweetened milk ? 
how to make a good mash potato
how to make a non-salty cheesecake ? 
purpose of low-humidity crisper ? 
freezing mashed potatoes - any way to prevent drying out ? 
how does choosing good induction cookware differ from choosing cookware for other types of stove ? 
how many grams of gelatin are in stock / broth ? 
must i toast bread over a flame or are hot toasters still made somewhere ? 
freezing and defrosting cantaloupe is still good in the fridge ? 
ceramic coffee mug measurement
how do you crack eggs on a tawa without running away ? 
the next level of spices  ( indian cooking )  ? 
suppliers for plain flavoured pop rocks
is there a lamb dish that is as easy to prepare as steak ? 
what causes egg-covered puffed rice cakes to become soft when pan fried  ( and how to control it )  ? 
what ' s the basic technique for long braising of pork ? 
can i brine a self-basting turkey ? 
preserving dehydrated foods prepared with citric acid ,  honey or syrup
why won ' t my crueler rise
how to parcook a casserole ? 
where to buy a scandinavian birch twig whisk ? 
using dry or wet brined chicken the next day
refrigerating cooked waffles
should you add some salt to flour when baking ? 
best way / temperature to get maillard reaction on meat / steak
how long can you keep yeasted waffle batter  ( including eggs / buttermilk )  in the refrigerator ? 
how can i make my kefir milk smooth and creamy instead of watery and grainy ? 
baker percentages ,  weights ,  volumes ,  and such
sugar alternative when beating eggs and sugar together
how much salt and pink salt do i need for pork sausage ? 
is it okay to store sandwich  ( tonkatsu sandwich )  in a container ? 
vacuum-packed cheese question  ( botulism ) 
how to recook a roast ? 
starters vs entree
what is the lesser evil ,  degassing too early or too late ? 
is it safe to eat a lump of jamon that grew some mold ? 
ceramic pan overheating damage
how long can i keep beef warm in a roaster oven ? 
appropriate way to thaw mushrooms
does marinating break down proteins the way brining does ? 
is freezing browned meat the best option
is it possible to make caramel that does not taste sweet ? 
is it okay to bake caramel pudding rather than steaming it ? 
how to incorporate alcohol  ( rum )  into a cake recipe ? 
is it safe to reheat old water in an electric kettle ? 
can apple butter be substituted for apple sauce in baking ? 
damage to freezer food after a power outage
making ice cream and fats don ' t dissolve in base
refrigerating meat after cooking
pumpkin puree refreeze
cooking minced / ground beef with a jar of sauce
seasoning skillet: what am i doing wrong ? 
how to cleanly slice hard-boiled eggs ? 
i want to make a poke cake with fresh strawberries .  do i have to add a gelitin to the strawberries ? 
testicles as food ? 
trusted custom mold manufacturers for confections
what are the standard terms used to describe liquid viscosity in cooking ? 
proper grind and measurement for a pour over coffee maker
science of fast  ( high heat )  vs .  slow  ( low heat )  scrambled eggs and omelets
fast caramelized taste for soup
how can i freeze excess peas from my garden ? 
how to tell if my fig is ripe
how do i know if escargot is fully cooked ? 
what causes flavors to "marry" ? 
my baba ghanoush is too watery
when to season popcorn ? 
why my apple pie is not crispy ? 
baking maple syrup on cold smoked almonds
how to help my vegetable beef soup that i added too much tomato to ? 
what ingredient adds the sweetness on croissants in europe ? 
is 440 f too hot for an oven temperature ? 
how can i make my scones rise evenly ? 
cooking toad in the hole - preventing "burn on"
how do you eat this type of gingko nut ? 
how do i keep meringue from "weeping" ? 
if not hydrogenated ,  how are spreads from olive oil made ? 
can i keep herbs fresh by spraying them with fertilizer ? 
frying panko crusted pork chops
why do some pie crust recipes include vinegar ? 
proper ratio of water to rice
how do i know if i can double ,  triple or quadruple a recipe for caramels ? 
how to prepare chanterelles ? 
what is the shelf life of homemade compote ? 
if espresso is by definition pressure-brewed coffee ,  is french press coffee a form of espresso ? 
why didn ' t my turkey stock gelatinize ? 
will coated chicken fry up ok if not fried right away ? 
used warm setting by accident
are there aged cheeses i can make which don ' t require a cheese fridge ? 
cues to a reliable or unreliable recipe ? 
sniffing out a rotten egg from the dozen
what does flour do to cheesecake ? 
why does my chicken go dry when i boil it ? 
how long can i keep a dessert out of the fridge ? 
does using powdered sugar instead of granulated sugar make cookie dough drier ? 
what type of oil is used in korean side dishes ? 
small batch of sauerkraut smells yeasty
did i just almost start an oil fire ? 
will vegetables and fresh herbs last longer in the refrigerator in a plastic bag ? 
do i need to thaw meat before cooking in pressure cooker
how do you make sure aubergine doesn ' t go bitter when cooking ? 
propane grill leaking from valve stem
is it possible to use a commercial oven range in the home ? 
what is the origin of cheese dip ? 
what ' s really happening when reusing tea leaves ? 
why do scrambled / fried eggs stick less when cooked with butter instead of oil ? 
how do you safely bottle or "can" bbq meat drippings ? 
why is my stock jelly-like when cold but watery when hot ? 
how far in advance can i prepare a fruit cup ? 
availability of pure alcohol in the uk  ( or alternatives as fuel for alcohol-burning cookers ) 
how do i prevent coconut milk from separating in thai curry ? 
how do i know when my avocado has gone bad ,  and how can i keep it fresh ? 
soft bones in smoked chicken
fresh salmon that was frozen after: till when can it still be eaten raw
why does my bread collapse in my bread machine ? 
mascarpone left outside fridge overnight - still usable ? 
what types of rice are appropriate to use in a rice cooker ? 
how to separate milk kefir grains ? 
whole eggs versus folding in egg whites
what should i do with candied citron ? 
how can i make my homemade potato wedges crispy ? 
how does a coffee bean get its smokey flavor ? 
how to practice cooking without spending too much ? 
fix fudge that is too rich
what ' s the proper way to dispose of used fats & oils ? 
how can i make a chocolate syrup that can be frozen ? 
how to bake a cake in a microwave oven
how to substitute in baking so the result is both egg- and gluten-free ? 
chili and bell pepper substitute due to allergies ? 
halloumi ended up too soft
how to keep fruits and vegetables fresh
how to clean an octopus - and is it worth it
can putting items with high heat capacity smooth out heat changes in sous vide ? 
flat yorkshire pudding
what can i use polenta leftovers for ? 
undercooked cookies
toasting spices with and without oil
forgot to add sugar to cookies
slow cooker lid gasket smell
do i add salt to my sunny side up eggs before ,  during ,  or after cooking ? 
can i use the grill tray in my oven for grilling ? 
baked eggplant is bitter - is there a way to fix it ? 
what are the equivalent amounts of these sweeteners ? 
does adding alcohol to dough prevent it from soaking oil when deep-frying ? 
mushy homemade dill pickle chips
when is homemade wine-based vinegar simply bad wine ? 
why does my homemade mustard thicken only some of the time ? 
tips on tossing a frying pan
how do you get a feel for the heat  ( direct heat )  ? 
how do we keep our roasted cashews from smelling bad eventually ? 
why does microwave popcorn burn ? 
how can i make a "lighter" cheese sauce ? 
can i safely freeze my yogurt marinated chicken ? 
how can i thin out my ice cream mixture ? 
which nuts can be cracked without tools ? 
how to make a strong cup of milk tea without boiling it much ? 
how can i light charcoal faster ? 
are chillies hotter when they ' re ripe ? 
getting oil residue out of a container
does blending oil  ( for vegan butter )  make hydrogenated oil ? 
how to dry fruits without sunlight or a dehydrator ? 
why does brining help food to retain water ,  but adding salt will draw the moisture out ? 
how did people make bread before sugar was  ' discovered ' 
storing and transporting cooked fish
what is the best way to store the whole wheat flour for daily usage ? 
better ways to drain tofu in a hurry ? 
how to create very slimy natto ? 
replacements for baking soda in a cake ? 
mixing both gluten production and milk
how to preserve homemade chocolates ? 
what do i have to worry about when using a stainless steel pan as opposed to nonstick ? 
is it possible to "tidy up" chocolate fondant ? 
how to whip uht cream ? 
how should i store bolognese sauce prep ? 
how long should i let durian ripen in a freezer bag ? 
what ' s the best way to cook brown rice ? 
creating ideal temperature for dough to rise
how to adjust time for oven stuck at 350f
how long should i slow roast a large  ( 7 . 5lb / 3 . 5kg )  chicken for ? 
what are the alternatives to fresh apple juice ? 
why add salt to the water when cooking rice ? 
what are the preferred veal cuts for sausage making ? 
how long can i leave a pork roast in a pc550 slow cooker on warm after it ' s cooked ? 
why do store-bought dips have such a limited shelf life ? 
how to best store cupcakes ? 
should i bake cookies with the oven heated from the top or the bottom ? 
what ' s wrong with using spin dryer to dry lettuce ? 
am i missing something with beer can chicken ? 
getting the flavor of honey without the sweetness
what do eggs do in enriching and glazing
how does korean chili powder differ from "us" chili powder ? 
first onion or first minced meat ? 
what is the best way to open a tightly fitted lid of a jar ? 
freezing traditional greek dishes
how to prepare french fries ? 
water bath issue when doubling a cheesecake recipe to make bars
what went wrong with my sourdough ? 
can you make porridge out of p . a . n .  harina ? 
how to judge the appropriate feeding schedule for immature sourdough starter
how to make club soda
what is the difference between coffee grinds / beans labeled as "espresso coffee" and ordinary coffee ? 
does chopping steak negate the benefit of using better meat ? 
does vegetable soup made with chicken stock last longer if the stock was made fresh vs from a stock cube ? 
garlic turned to black powder ? 
slow-cooking pork  ' chops '  ? 
what is a german potato grater called ? 
safety of vacuum packed smoked salmon in turned off fridge ? 
what fruits keep their sweetness when baking ? 
is there a substitute for dijon mustard and if so ,  what is it ? 
should i fridge my expiring meal bars by best used by date ? 
how can i make orange caramel sauce ? 
ideal coffee grind for a french press ? 
possible internal contamination from soaking or scalding slaughtered chicken in hot water to ease plucking
how to remoisten sweetened coconut after opening ? 
how can i make kimchi with everyday ingredients ? 
how long can i soak gulab jamun before serving ? 
kneading before or after rising ? 
mold on vinegar batch ? 
home made popsicles sticking to mold
is there such a thing as "food grade co2" ? 
is it safe to freeze soup that uses previously frozen stock ? 
what can i use to substitute apple juice in a preparation of ribs ? 
why does soda bread preserve less well than sourdough or yeast based bread ? 
can i used lemon juice in place of ascorbic acid in canning peaches ? 
how to choose fresh ,  ripe  ( hot )  jalapeos ? 
what should i substitute for dried anchovies and kelp in a stock
bamboo steamer vs normal steamer
ready to eat food not suitable for microwave
how to roast pork shoulder ? 
using nuts in pavlova meringue
can i successfully bake previously-frozen bread dough ? 
pickle handling
storage of sweet potato pie
where can i find  ( plain )  ramen noodles ? 
cleaning a teflon pan with burnt rice residual
what is ground red pepper ? 
how deep is a deep pie dish ,  traditionally ? 
is a maple tree with a squirrel hole in it safe to tap ? 
cutting the stems of banana instead of wrapping them when preserving them
how can i stop the cooking in my chicken and noodle soup ? 
why is there so much baking soda in scones ? 
can i add tomato paste afterwards ,  instead of during cooking ,  for a tomato sauce ? 
glass food processor
candied mints storage and transporting long distance
what is the proper technique for making an angel food cake ? 
how can i prevent dough from wrapping around a dough hook ? 
make pate easier to spread
how to convert between flours ? 
what considerations are there when using powdered or pasteurized eggs in baking cake ? 
how do you open a coconut ? 
when do i add the chicken stock in this recipe ?  the author doesn ' t specify
how should i add wine to the sauce for my duck ? 
rayla cream liqueur
what are the differences between various types of paprika ,  and which have the most flavor ? 
use of algin and calcium chloride in spherification
what islands use a cooking technique that starts with sugar and hot sauce in the pan ? 
how can i increase the longevity of my bananas ? 
how do i clean burnt milk from a glass-ceramic stove ? 
my food doesn ' t have too much taste  /  taste allways the same ? 
why is the first hotcake always the worst ? 
what is the difference between a poolish and a biga ? 
how to thoroughly bread meat with eggs and flour for frying without the mess
in what ways does the size of the baking pan matter while baking cakes ? 
have to preserve a cake for decoration purposes
how can i thicken an already cooked pie filling ? 
do i need to adjust slow cooker recipes for high altitude ? 
why should i boil pretzels in baking soda water before baking ? 
how much powder does 1 tbsp of cumin seeds yield when crushed ? 
crust separating from crumb in white bread .  what gives ? 
adjusting baking powder to work with almond milk
what does the "bold" setting on my cuisinart coffee maker do ? 
how do you make peach soda ? 
cooking dried corn
i accidentally boiled away most of my soup ,  what can i do to recover it ? 
how to make my cinnamon rolls less bready ? 
accidentally microwaved stainless steel travel coffee mug .  still safe to use ? 
what defines a bread as  ' artisan '  ? 
how should i cook a 1lb bottom round roast beef in the oven ? 
i added more water to my ciabatta dough by accident
mackerel brining time before smoking
how can i tell if my chocolate is tempered ? 
speeding up soaking of cashews for a recipe
what ' s the least messy way to prepare grapefruit ? 
can i make cakes in a tagine ? 
thinned yogurt instead of milk
why are the blueberries in my blueberry muffins not melting ? 
cocoa vs chocolate
baileys best before date
catering our daughter ' s wedding
are there ways in which you can overdo your thickening ? 
what is the purpose of vermouth in potato leek soup ? 
what are the advantages of vanilla sugar ? 
serving sets question
is the "gamey" taste of venison just a polite name for "rotten" ? 
how can i incorporate brown lettuce into something appetizing ? 
fresh blueberries vs dried blueberries in a cookie recipe
how to convert a cup to si units ? 
can "cream-style" corn substitute for creamed corn in cornbread ? 
what kind of mortar and pestle will be strong enough for grinding date pits ? 
what effects will xylitol have as a sugar substitute ?   
why do pocky and other "stick" biscuits have this distinct burn pattern ? 
how to prepare eggs in shape suited for bagel ? 
why are predominantly grapes an ingredient in wine ? 
is there a technique for making larger batches of roux ? 
how much to heat mustard oil before cooking ? 
how to balance the bitterness of habanero peppers ? 
how to peel a pomegranate efficiently ? 
what is the difference between malai paneer and paneer ? 
how warm is "warm water ? "
what is a non-alcoholic substitute for rum in a glaze ? 
what to look for in an induction stovetop ? 
why is water often added to the eggs when making omelettes ? 
how to cook nondescript venison in a cast iron pot so its tender ? 
what is the definition of a cup of coffee
can you interchange oil and butter in emulsified sauces ? 
cooking temperature for crocodile meat ? 
thai noodle dish with peanuts
can jam be made from frozen berries ? 
how long can i store beet brine in fridge
why doesn ' t deep frying  ' wet '  the food ? 
what are some things to consider when choosing a salt ? 
why did my "goat cheese espuma" flop ? 
how to inject carbon dioxide into hard candy ,  to make poping rocks ? 
what is blind baking ? 
how long would you keep this caesar dressing ? 
putting half thawed joint of pork back in fridge to fully defrost ? 
what green tea has the highest caffeine content ? 
how can i be sure my food is ready for a raw egg to be dropped on top ? 
how to keep bags from floating in a sous vide supreme
is this soup ,  stew ,  or something else ? 
what is the name of the middle eastern salad containing tomato and cucumber ? 
are there food combinations that are dangerous ? 
spearmint kinda musky
dealing with a hank of natural sausage casings
making chocolate covered strawberries without parchment paper
difference between fermentation and leavening ? 
what salt should i use in a bread machine recipe ? 
should asparagus be peeled before cooking ? 
is there a rule of thumb on vinegar ' s abilities as a preservative ? 
how to keep my stainless steel skillet clean
ground beef smells slightly sweet ? 
can you freeze bread dough when it ' s done proofing to bake later ? 
why would parsnips make a beef stock not freeze ? 
how long does tomato juice last ? 
do i always have to peel garlic ? 
how do you control the caramelization of sugar ? 
do liquorice roots expire ? 
why are poblanos sometimes called pasillas ? 
why does olives with the pit left always taste better than pitted ones
crusty french bread
what are safe temperature ranges for fermenting miso paste ? 
my lasagna sauce is too tart
how can i stabilize sriracha in sour cream ? 
why do bbq sauce recipes specify that you must cook the sauce ? 
what to do with excess wham bars
how do you make pork rinds ? 
why and when do you need to dock dough ? 
name of the sauce / salad eaten with roast dinners up north uk
does flax seed loses its properties after smashing it ? 
do shrimp really have sex with their siblings before being served raw in sushi ? 
how to deep fry cauliflower ? 
chicken in tin foil in the oven: any tips or advices on spices or wrapping ? 
replicating good seasons brand italian salad dressing dry mix
what is the name of this chicken soup dish ? 
steaks taste horrid in the center ? 
how do i get my cheesecake bottom not to crumble ? 
how can i learn to sharpen my japanese knives properly ? 
what kind of sandwich can be made with shredded beef ? 
how can i tell whether beetroot is still edible ? 
poached eggs dissolve while cooking ? 
should i season my paellera ? 
greaseproof paper
what can i do to make my cheese & onion pie freeze well ? 
does jerky need to be preserved with nitrites ? 
how to get dried split peas to be equivalent to fresh peas
repairing the seasoning on a cast iron pan
fatty tuna vs .  tuna
why does my chard taste bitter when i cook it ? 
is it safe to eat raw eggs ? 
how do you raise your dough in cold seasons ? 
how to add water / milk to the sunny side up eggs ? 
how would i quickly defrost chicken if it ' s going to be cooked in a crock pot ? 
how to store blanched tomatoes ? 
how can you make bread from pizza dough ? 
what can you make with dried lemon grass ? 
what are the components of the raspberry citrus flavor in mountain dew voltage ? 
what are these white  ' bits '  in my nutella
roasting beef and lamb roasts together
what are the advantages and disadvantages of various sugars / substitutes ? 
how to store smoked fish when traveling ? 
new red potatoes have pink streaks inside
plum preserving / storage method that tastes like plums ,  not prunes  ( i just picked 30 lbs ) 
seasoning ,  freezing ,  thawing and then deep frying chicken
what can i do with apple peel ? 
is the stainless steel pot pitted by salt water bad for health ? 
which vegetables to use for stock ? 
tsukemen ramen broth / soup
technique to bake donair meat in an oven
why do i need over ripe bananas for banana muffins ? 
how do i make tempura turn out light ? 
why do we dimple a focaccia ? 
can i reuse cedar grilling planks ? 
how can i cut fudge smooth and uniform ? 
lobster death !  freezer vs .  alcohol
for equal volumes water and sugar ,  what is the ratio of separated volume vs .  combined ? 
a spicy vegetable which stays in a sandwich ? 
beverage cooler vs small refrigerator for raw chicken ? 
how do price and quality relate in blenders ? 
mustard-fried burger patty
why are my cookies so sticky ? 
british "pot" of whipping cream ? 
vegetable oil vs .  canola oil in diy spreadable butter
sweet potatoes: to cook or not to cook ? 
why should i add salt to my curries ? 
why should you remove the core of garlic ? 
why isn ' t my homemade yogurt smooth ? 
pts raw from inside in another oven - how to make them right in this oven ? 
boiling peeled peanuts
what ' s the term for cutting part way through a vegetable or fruit to increase surface area ? 
what natural ingredients can be used to color food blue or green ? 
potato in the microwave
ratios in traditional thai peanut curry recipes
how to store homemade pasta without freezing
cookie dough between batches - refrigerate ?  or no ? 
should i rest pancake batter ? 
can food be boiled "extra fast / hard" in water ? 
is it safe to eat potatoes that have sprouted ? 
how long will durian smell linger ? 
how do i ripen a mango ? 
scratched ceramic pan
how do i adjust oven time to cook 2 dishes at the same time
effects of reducing sugar in cookies
do i roll sushi with or without gloves ? 
can you freeze almond paste ? 
different cooking times for red and brown lentils ? 
is there a way to deliberately explode other food than corn kernels ? 
adding melted butter to cold milk in baking
is it true that honey never spoils ?  why ? 
cheesecake in rectangular pan
pulled pork for a large crowd
can i make my own malt ? 
can i use a stoneware 9x13 pan instead of a metal 9x13 pan for caramel rolls ? 
what is the correct temperature for storing home-made frozen yogurt ? 
possible dangers of home fermentation of vegetables
why do the inserts in pasta pots not go all the way to the bottom ? 
my sous vide chicken is tough and stringy - did i cook it too long ,  or too little ? 
dehydrating food with a vacuum chamber
crunchy / fried grapefruit ? 
pork rillettes - drain fat before shredding or not
how do i cook sausages without poking holes through them ? 
how do you season / prepare a wood plank for plank grilling ? 
how do i temper an egg ? 
is it ok to just have two cutting boards: one for stuff to be heated ,  another for other stuff ? 
cream cheese expiration dates
are there any savoury dishes using matcha tea ? 
how can i increase the shelf life of chocolate ganache ? 
what temperature to freeze meat at to preserve quality ? 
dying a white iced cake black
can we digest raw starch ? 
what are the grey-black specks that appear when whipping cream in stainless steel bowl ? 
frothing milk by hand
dishwasher safe lids for copper cookware ? 
freezing of meat
what is "hand hot" ? 
how do i take the heat out of my chili ? 
coconut sugar flavor
why do you need to cool the filling of a meat pie before adding to the pastry ? 
should i remove the foam when cooking chickpeas ? 
what causes the crown of the bread to crack during baking ? 
is it possible to make homemade crme fraiche using clotted buttermilk ? 
i don ' t have a large cutting board ,  but i do have a large table with a wood top
how to maximize and preserve horseradish potency without vinegar ? 
lemon zest in large volumes
morphy richards new intellichef ,  states boil at 240 degrees c ? 
how sharp should a paring knife be ? 
pan sauce without meat
aged steaks cooked as medium but came out looking well done
how can i safely re-heat a chicken pie without burning the crust ? 
how should i manage my fridge ? 
how much time do i need to achieve a smokey flavor in bbq ? 
a substitute for jaggery
how to thicken slow cooker recipe sauce
bread proving time in warm climates
saving a pavlova that didn ' t form a crust
breaking down fruit with sugar and water for cookies
bread breaks in the middle while in the oven
adding spice to poaching liquid
what is the impact of high heat on wine ? 
how can i cool chocolate in a couple of minutes ? 
cooking vegetables with butter and water
how can i determine fat content in beef ? 
is our oven at work powerful enough to bake pizza ? 
how to salvage a totally nuked cast iron dutch oven ? 
how to cook 1 . 5+ inch veal steak to medium ? 
why would i buy a rice cooker ? 
rice for paella
how to make cappuccino coffee at home without a machine
how to prevent flies sticking to hood fan lightbulb guard ? 
why do some sorbet recipes call for egg whites ? 
white chocolate mud cake with dark chocolate ganache ? 
refrigerating warm potato salad 13 hours after dinner
why does soda bread call for buttermilk ? 
can / should i use baking soda when cooking beans ? 
fried garlic turning black
can anyone explain the meaning of 2x and 4x brie cheese ? 
mousse has raw eggs -- is it really safe ? 
aiding the maillard reaction: baking powder or baking soda ? 
what other vegetables can i roast with asparagus ? 
rye flour in starter
what are "rye sours" ? 
first time flambe
how to minimize smoke / liquid output when roasting chicken ? 
difference in caffeine levels between light and bold coffee ? 
are gourd leaves edible ? 
what grains are gluten free ? 
will any sugar substitutes brown in a crumble topping ? 
how to keep a high hydration bread loaf from becoming flat
cooking away alcohol
why do some mangoes ripen without changing flesh color ? 
measurement of ingredients for baking 400g of brown bread
oops !  too much hot pepper .  now what ? 
what type of yogurt is most similar to the yogurt used in authentic middle-eastern cuisine ? 
what is an easy way to turn a heavy-ish cake ? 
how can i prevent meatballs fall apart ? 
is time a factor in caramelization ? 
what ' s the best way to strain stock ? 
choosing a saucepan material for creams and caramels
why did my ginger simple syrup develop such a disgusting consistency ? 
what is a substitute for mascarpone cheese ? 
baking bread  .  .  .  without crust ? 
what is the difference between granulated cane sugar and granulated sugar ? 
substituting for madeira wine in a mushroom stuffed with sausage recipe
are my capers still good ? 
brie cheese and expiration date
adding more bones to a finished stock ? 
why does a lot of pastry have an orange flavor ? 
what is the ideal temperature for water added to chickpea flour for falafel ? 
why does my butter icing melt so quickly ? 
how can i make  ' santon sauce ' 
do i have to cure a fresh ham before smoking ? 
par-cooking corn on the cob in a microwave
how long can fish be left out ? 
should i steam or boil zongzi ? 
how to melt butter most conveniently ? 
what oven should i buy ,  which is appropriate for baking ? 
best way to cleanly cut brownies ? 
any advantage to kneeding down pizza dough 3 times
how do i avoid dry meat and burned masala and rice in biryana ? 
meal planning software with collaboration and sharing
microwave crust
pizza stone in electric oven
how can i impart bacon flavor into collard greens without losing crispness ? 
how to improve the taste of sour coffee beans ? 
french whisk handle has rocks in it ? 
what knife should i take if traveling ? 
should a teabag or looseleaf tea brew at room to cold temperature water ? 
what does it mean when dough is referred to as "short" ? 
can i replace honey with maple syrup in recipes that require honey ? 
reheating in the oven: why and how ? 
ingredient substitute for sriracha hot sauce
why would fresh tuna be salted ? 
how to make round seitan sausages
what do you do with left over tomato paste ? 
adding flavorings & fillings to bread dough
what ' s the secret ingredient in beef jerky ? 
are the bubbles in the sourdough starter caused by yeast cultures ? 
sourdough starter splits
i want to make my own cheese .  how do i get started ? 
rocky road seized up ? 
why does my kamado ceramic grill fall out of it ' s stand when i open it ? 
how come heating milk in the microwave is safe ? 
what is the ingredient in bakery italian bread that give it that great taste
substituting maple syrup for maple extract
what kind of cabbage to use in cabbage poriyal  ( indian stir-fry )  ? 
re-fry fried food
vacuum sealed ham left out for 9 hours ,  is it still safe to eat ? 
to make a cream cheese icing ,  can i use cottage cheese ? 
why did my red chilli powder turned brown ? 
making culinary foams for cocktails
crystallization of sugar solution ,  and oddly crunchy candy with fudge-like texture after eating
what to look for when choosing a dutch oven ? 
how to line this cake pan with parchment paper ? 
how does substituting yogurt into a cake change the texture and why can it be used ? 
how to make "white" jello using aloe vera jelly pack for broken glass dessert
why were my banana muffins hard ? 
water in the microwave to reheat pizza better
how to unsalt roasted salted peanuts ? 
how to prevent the chicken breasts from drying out
does pressure cooking of chicken eggs support the removal of the membrane and eggshell ? 
how long can brining steaks be kept in the brine ? 
why can soda be used as a substitute for eggs when using a boxed cake mix ? 
in what container should i put lemon water for storage ? 
expiry date of custard powder ? 
how can goat milk be prepared to reduce the  ' hairy '  after taste it has ? 
how do i make homemade salsa thicker ? 
does freezing non-freezable liquids affect life span
are there any yeast-less breads that can be used as sandwich bread ? 
can i really put frozen ramekins in a preheated oven ? 
is it safe to eat raw corn ? 
why didn ' t my melon jelly set ? 
are chives and green onions the same thing ? 
corned beef - from scratch
when sauteing should i put onion or garlic first ? 
does toasting and grinding whole spice really improve curry flavor ? 
what is the name of the sauce which is made of yoghurt and fresh cucumbers ? 
tricks to preserve chips  ( french fries )  ? 
is there a difference between seasoning and flavouring ? 
what can i use to replace eggs in the recipe ? 
how to marinate tofu for my mint & lemon juice couscous salad ? 
does sprinkling salt on top of brownies give the same result as putting it in the batter ? 
mystery "organ" on the underside of chicken thighs ? 
how can you make "all purpose flour" using home ground wheat ? 
why are home canning jars made of glass and not metal ? 
tricks to mask the burnt flour taste
forgot to put the slow cooker on
apple cider vinegar and blue mold
dutch vegetable cordon-bleu
how much dried herb to use when substituting for fresh herbs ? 
how to add maple and brown sugar to cream of wheat
balancing out saffron taste ,  chlorine / latex taste
why cook onion with chicken ?  is it just for taste ? 
timing cooking: methods  /  workflow
microwave more than one container at a time
do you achieve better results from marinating if you poke holes in the meat beforehand ? 
why does my oil cake drop in the centre
how do you tell if pickles / cucumbers have gone bad
how to imitate commercial fried chicken ? 
how can i make bacon powder ? 
transporting confections
can i rescue honey that is crystallised in the container ?   ( with water or otherwise ) 
the muffins were rock hard ,  what did i do wrong ? 
sugar in tea better if put after boiling
am i using my knives for the correct jobs ? 
can i boil milk unattended  ( and still keep the pan clean )  ? 
what ' s a good technique for pasteurizing eggs ? 
refrigerating olive oil
crock pot to enameled cast iron pot cooking times and temperatures
can i use a wok ring on a gas range ? 
removing turmeric stains from white plastic
how long should a 4-5 pound rib roast take in an infrared cooker ? 
does full-fat milk contain vitamin-d ? 
how should i cook the steak at home
does a head of lettuce really need to be refrigerated ? 
donvier ice cream maker - why stirring only every 2 minutes ? 
why punch down knead free bread ? 
scratched stainless steel
how do i remove bitterness from bitter melon
whole wheat pasta from milling to the results
why does my food turn out poorly using an all-clad stainless-steel fry pan ? 
food that does not spoil ,  lightweight ,  energetic and balanced
my chutney is too thick
how to fry italian sausages without producing so much smoke ? 
what should i look for in an alternative to crme frache ? 
will spoiled food always make you sick ? 
can i fry my frozen maitake pieces with other fresh mushrooms ? 
safe to leave oven on at 180f while at work to cook ribs ? 
substitute for coconut milk in curry
air bubbles in canned tomatoes
how to make good coffee in a moka pot ? 
white threads on top of mushrooms ? 
what shall i do about this ground meat ? 
how hard is it to make fudge ? 
how do i colour ready-to-roll icing
why does curry flavor improve overnight  ( beyond the effects of permeation and infusion )  ? 
what are some low fat butter substitutes for cookies ? 
what are the differences in bleached / unbleached flour for baking ? 
what hole size to prefer in the bread for what reasons ? 
mascarpone and almond pasta sauce ? 
what sauce could i use for haddock ? 
chocolate-flavored cheese
"lively simmer" vs "simmer" ? 
what are food combinations that trick your taste buds into tasting sweet ? 
what should one look for in the license terms of a crowdsourced recipe website ? 
safety of room-temperature soaker from reinhart ' s *whole grain breads*
can i can bacon ? 
why to add garlic for pickles ? 
what causes gaps / holes in homemade bread ? 
egg replacement for fried chicken
texture and cutting of avocado and mango used in sushi
is there anything gained by butterfly cutting a hot dog for grilling ? 
do eggs need to be refrigerated ? 
how to get a brown / burned texture on cornbread ? 
what can i do about scratched pots ? 
what ' s the secret to soft cookies ? 
can rosehip tisane be used as a substitute for red wine in cooking ? 
what is the measure for scaling cinnamon if you double a recipe ? 
can i remove frost from frozen chicken breasts and re-package ? 
how fast does water cool off after boiling ? 
how much does a a cup of rice weigh ? 
fresh popcorn serving size suggestion
soda carbonation
moving cast iron from fridge to stove
what is this citrus fruit ? 
how long can i store cooked lentils ? 
what is the real risk of salmonella with modern food cleaning standards ? 
is there enough pectin in apples to make jam
which rack level of oven is suitable for baking choco lava cakes ? 
cooking raw chicken beside heating quesadillas
should i default to higher or lower power when the recommended power is not an option in a microwave ? 
would almond flour work for macaroons ? 
what are the proper steps to add the vermicelli in making dessert shemai ? 
uses of kohaishu vs santoku
the consistency of my hot chocolate is off ,  what do i do ? 
how to smoke chicken without it coming out tough ? 
why clean a pot  ( used to cook rice )  with cold water ? 
is a  ( british )  wedding cake just a tiered fruit cake
how can i estimate cooking time for a brined and roasted turkey ? 
why heat soup in a blender ? 
how can you make gray or black butter ? 
how to replace bouillon cubes without making them on my own
naan without tandoor ? 
white chocolate ganache won ' t set
what is the authentic way to cook pierogi ? 
how to reheat beef tenderloin ? 
why boil octopus with wine cork ? 
does tempered chocolate remain tempered and only needs liquefying ? 
what type of glue should i use to repair a marble mortar and pestle ? 
if i ' m using milk as an ingredient in soup ,  how can i prevent it from curdling ? 
how can i avoid chocolate truffle mix curdling ? 
what uses are there for basil flowers ? 
how to clean and trim parsnips ? 
what edible solution can i cover bread in to make it waterproof ? 
is high gelatin concentration in cheesecake unsafe ?  
cooking in painted metal pots
smoked ham roast: what do i do with it ? 
what does a meat thermometer display if the meat temperature is uneven ? 
why do you  slice whole ducks in half when roasting but not for other poultry ? 
vacuum sealing with a submerged ziplock vs home machine vs professional machine
can i fix a chewy beef joint after it ' s already cooked and sliced ? 
baking granbarksost  ( spruce bark cheese )   ( brie )  with little mould
what to look for in a pot ? 
why did my turkish delight come out flavorless ? 
what to look for in a stand mixer ? 
what ' s the difference between a souffle and a mousse ? 
how do i make a turkish delight syrup
what causes a cake to sink in the center ? 
difference between "real mayonnaise" and "mayonnaise dressing"
how do i make instant chocolate powder from a chocolate bar ? 
smoking in kettle grill
creme brulee without torch
why does tomato sauce  ( ketchup )  require refrigeration but barbecue sauce  ( like worcestershire sauce )  does not ? 
how can i create the equivalent of a fresh cake yeast from my sourdough culture ? 
sirloin tip kebab cooking times
can you substitute honey for sugar in a pickling brine ? 
why is himalayan salt pink ? 
ravioli filling to edge ratio
traveling with cooked chicken
is ice-encrusted frozen shrimp ok to eat ? 
is baking powder the same thing as baking flour ? 
selecting nuts for successful home oven-roasting
are there culinary uses for the water left from peeling almonds ? 
what are the hallmarks of a traditional alfredo sauce ? 
help !  i sliced my flank steak along the grain ,  is there a way to still have tender meat ? 
how can i buy or make pasteurized eggs ? 
how can you make a lot of water come out of chicken by freezing and denaturing it ? 
why tie a non-stuffed beef pot roast ? 
safety of blue  /  green garlic
what would the drawbacks / benfits be to making french toast with egg alternatives  ( egg beaters ,  etc ) 
cooking with a pizza stone
does an induction stove require flat bottomed vessels ? 
what is the criss-cross pattern on top of peanut butter cookies used for ? 
does liquid glucose contain as much fructose as high fructose corn syrup ? 
what is the difference between crepes and swedish pancakes ? 
is cinnamon sweet ? 
how to store seeds so that they will not get full of insects ? 
cooking potatoes curry
how do you store away freshly peeled and sliced potatoes ? 
is slow cooking for 24+ hours safe ? 
fermenting sauerkraut - should i stir ? 
how to cook rice & chicken simultaneously ? 
coconut water from mature coconut
cacl2 and cheese making
how much nutrition dissolves in boiling water ? 
i want to cook chicken legs ,  but will be out of house for 2 . 5 hours at what temp do i need to cook it at so it ' s not over or under cooked
sausage grease in fridge
is charcoal or the smoker at fault for low temperature smoking ? 
why does batter often taste sweeter than the baked product ? 
how to identify a good espresso ? 
what causes chicken fat on the surface of soup ,  and does it add flavor to the dish ? 
can i slow cook a 3 . 25 beef roast for 4 hours on high ,  refridgerate in the crock pot overnight and then cook on low again in the morning for 4 hours ? 
why is it that every time i steam vegetables while cooking rice my rice cooker ruins the rice ? 
making habanero jelly - safety and preventing spoilage
is sweetened condensed milk a substitute for evaporated milk ? 
how many kws does it take to bake a cake ? 
making iced tea with lowest caffeine content
how do i thicken my dessert ? 
what is the shelf-life for homemade jams ? 
why do my nonstick fry pans  ' bow up '  and not make good contact with my flat top stove
where can i find good ground sumac ? 
half and half cups refrigerator to table ? 
how to store soda water or other home made sodas ? 
can i use cornstarch in fondant icing ? 
which one of the five mother sauces is sauce messine derived from ? 
where in pakistan can i buy kettle bbq from ? 
can i make any modern improvements to this russian cake recipe from 1971 ? 
what kind of beer for beer bread ? 
what makes bacon chewy ? 
how to get uniform bubbles in simple dutch oven bread ? 
smell from otg or conventional oven - coil smell .  is this normal and for how long will it last ? 
how to know the doneness for a tough cut of meat
english breakfast vs ceylon tea
how can i get more umami in a veggie burger ? 
do i need to baste an injected turkey ? 
difference between butter and olive oil ? 
how to determine if canning is safe ? 
what has a cooler got to do with sous-vide cooking ? 
portable ways to daily grind & powder /  paste 8-9 overnight soaked & peeled almonds while traveling ? 
how should i prepare meat to be ground ? 
how to determine the "doneness" of salmon ? 
why does my minestrone soup end up with so little liquid ? 
what determines sweet potato softness ? 
what were the popular cookbooks of the 1950s ? 
what to do with chicken scraps
how to make more than one good cup of coffee with a moka pot ? 
how to store a banana that was cut in half to preserve the other half ? 
what is the ratio of molassas and pineapple juice for a non-alcoholic rum substitute ? 
secret of making maple candy  ( texture )  ? 
how do i cook for just one person ?  any good cookbooks ? 
do i need onions when making thai curry paste ?  or can i just add onions to the dish i ' m cooking later with the paste ? 
how to catch culture out of yogurt ? 
substitute for noodles
how to choose good quality chinese slicer knives ? 
what is the best way to denature proteins in chicken soup using an acidic ingredient ? 
sourdough starter ,  growing for increased production
should i add flour to dough if i already weighed the amount ? 
substitution for egg to bind hamburger mince
how can i make lemon and chilli liquid to have with hummus ? 
why did my cookies come out like this ? 
is it possible to make bacon at home ? 
uses for leftover potatoes from a pot-roast
how to store homemade fresh mozzarella cheese
how to preserve fermented bean sauce
can tilapia replace sole ? 
what sauce can i just to de-sweeten a cheesecake ? 
does using a larger slow cooker than called for by the recipe make a difference ? 
what are the four cheeses generally used in"four-cheese" pizzas ? 
why do some ingredients in baking recipes need to be at room temperature ? 
how can i replace apples with peaches ? 
why does my bread still smell like yeast ? 
how do i make a flaky croissant ? 
what spicy ingredients hit the sinuses ? 
how do i bring out the garlic flavor in an oil base ? 
do you need to break up a large dough ball into smaller balls for optimal proving ? 
cleaning a moldy ninja blender so it is again safe for use ? 
pulled pork in a slow cooker .  to brown or not to brown ? 
cast iron meat grinder; first time used had black stuff in it
how long can i leave a vegan chili simmering without components breaking down ? 
is there a reason to not use no-stick spray  ( pam )  for handling dough ? 
how to freeze individual chicken pot pies
can a toddler eat food cooked with honey in it ? 
why does caffeine taste bitter when added to tea ? 
pizza stone or firebricks to fix uneven cooking
how should i cook skate wings
can pressed cookies be made without creaming butter and sugar ? 
when baking what works well as a sugar substitute ? 
wok preparation and caring
gas grill flames very high cooking chicked wings and vegetables
toffee that is soft ? 
uncooked pickled fish: can i recook it ? 
how to choose a pan for making caramel ? 
how to seal a pizza stone
my pizza crust is very hard and tough and not light and crispy ,  why ? 
thin crust pizza on barbecue
what is the difference between a gugelhupf pan ,  a bund ( t )  pan and a rodon pan ? 
how to ensure that the salt is very homogenized in a given food ? 
what spices taste umami ? 
how do i make a pot of coffee on a bbq grill ? 
pizza fries getting burnt
effect of rice cooking techniques
tenderness of sous-vide pork chops
do induction cookers increase risk of cracking cast iron ? 
how long will marinated seafood salad last  ?   (  scallops ,  squid ,  shrimp ,  crab and mussels ) 
how can i rehydrate dried chillies more efficiently ? 
is it scientifically verified that bananas will ripen faster when kept in a bowl with other fruit ? 
what kinds of grocery stores tend to carry guava ? 
how to know when chicken breast has cooked through ? 
what is the correct way to cook thin rice noodles for vietnamese dishes ? 
old stone mortar and pestle cleaning
can i par-bake this pot pie recipe ? 
why is it advised to freeze meat before eating as opposed to eating it fresh ? 
deep frying - beer batter vs .  bread crumbs
fixing sticky seasoning on cast-iron pan
bananas are radioactive .  .  . so how many exactly would you have eat to die ?  is it possible to calculate ? 
how to know if my walnuts are fresh enough to be good to eat ? 
are smoothies and milk shakes the same things with different names ? 
safe to make liqueur from tomato vines ? 
how do i prevent filled pretzels from blowing out ? 
hot smoked salmon on big green egg
can a slow cooker meatloaf get a browned crust ? 
frying potato with little oil
what ' s the most efficient way to juice halved lemons and limes ? 
fresh chickens- resting after freezing
how can i fix my dry crumbly cookie dough ? 
can i substitute 70% chocolate for unsweetened chocolate in a cake recipe ? 
clarified butter: what happens if the foam isn ' t skimmed off ? 
how long do sharkfin melons keep ? 
when milk is cultured  ( eg kefir )  ,  what changes occur in terms of lactose ,  glucose and galactose levels ? 
how can i get my cream pie to set ? 
soy and sesame sauce alternatives when frying fish ? 
lemons and oranges coated with imazalil
what is tomato sauce cooking time ? 
what ' s wrong with my oven ? 
should i brine a goose ? 
some recipies call for beer to be added ,  but why ? 
how can i clean white burn marks in the center of my glass top burner ? 
what is the inside of a nut called ? 
starch accumulating as sediment during shallow fry
what do i need to consider when upgrading to a 40 quart mixer ? 
how much "alternative" flour can i substitute for white wheat flour ? 
cooked or caramalized onions in the refrigerator
why is my chuck roast dry ? 
substation in a cake recipe for shortening
can i substitute greek yogurt for sour cream for a topping for baked cheesecake ? 
glazing bread pre-baking
how to bake bread and desserts without an oven ? 
how to make crispy crepes ? 
indian cuisine - atta chicken
what is the best utensil kit for the cost ? 
is there a standard measure for coffee grind size ? 
freezing lasagne made with previously frozen meat
need help identifying 2 ingredients in homemade chicken biryani
how can i use up a large quantity of egg ? 
which cream should i use for cream sauce ? 
does the location of where an octopus was imported from determine the flavor / quality of the meat ? 
reasons for separating eggs in ice cream
do silicone baking mats come in 14x16" sizes ? 
how to choose the right kind of flour ? 
is there any advantage to adding salt to onion while frying ? 
scallops purchased in super market
how much dough will i need in order to fill a loaf tin ? 
gas grill compared to regular  ( high end )  oven
how do i make cake batter from scratch without butter ? 
how does one use cocoa butter in cooking ? 
de-meatifying lasagna ,  casseroles
acmella oleracea  ( szechuan buttons )  - active chemical for mouth sensation ? 
what ' s wrong with keeping frozen vegetables in refrigerator ? 
what is the best way to clean a roasting tray / baking tray that has sauce burned on to it ? 
what stabilizer can be used in non-dairy ice cream with alcohol ? 
what ' s the purpose of syrup in toffee apples ? 
what would give swiss chard a gritty texture ? 
what limitations are there to sauteeing with water ? 
reuse of food grade tins
are farro  ( triticum dicoccum )  and spelta  ( triticum spelta )  interchangeable ? 
cobbler vs pie ? 
does an electric crepe maker require a hood and ventilation ? 
infusing orange into tea while avoiding bitterness
what ' s the best way to store lettuce in the refrigerator ? 
substitute for parsley in south east asia ? 
why should we not store onions and potatoes together ? 
can i substitute red onion for green onion
is sugar necessary for the texture of homemade sherbet ? 
frothing milk: variations by milk type ? 
explanation of the phrase "eye of round roast"
what are properties of good whole bean coffee ? 
is it possible to create this low calorie high fiber brownies ? 
how to prepare courgettes / zucchini ? 
what is the best way to clean a grater ? 
tasty ' s cookie cream puffs
identifying strands of dough
how does "bht added to packaging material" actually work ? 
what does the "bagel" setting on toasters do ? 
timing on baking a birthday cake
how many times is it safe to reheat chicken ? 
what else can rid the fishy smell of fish besides casein ? 
what ' s the best / easiest way to de-vein king prawns ? 
what is a good liquid to replace tequila with ? 
how long should i cook pasta sauce ? 
the three cs - spices with chicken
what can i do with chicken rib meat ? 
creme brule heating milk
how to shred carrots without them getting mushy
how to harvest and prepare prickly pear pads without getting poked
how to make dense texture bread ? 
oven vs pan for meat stews
is there a good test for whether a flat-top stove is working correctly ? 
can anyone identify this type of green tea ? 
i need to know how long to cook potatoes at 350*f
why do fresh mandarin oranges get very bitter when baked ? 
barley vs .  oats ? 
tiny black bugs in red spices ? 
how are macaroon feet formed ? 
what is the proper volume to weight conversion for bisquick ? 
chicken stock alternatives ? 
"instant" leftover rice ?  making leftover-like rice without the wait ?   ( as in for fried rice ) 
when ,  if ever ,  are dried herbs preferable to fresh herbs ? 
how to store salted cod ? 
what kind of soup is this lady most likely making ? 
which sugar for brining ? 
how to clean lecithin residue ? 
what ' s the smoke point of a hybrid oil ? 
how to make / preserve popcorn so that its taste and texture doesn ' t deteriorate within a day or two ? 
what to look for when buying muffin tins ? 
how can i chill ice coffee quickly ? 
can onions be caramalized completely in the microwave ?  if so ,  how ? 
how can i turn my pasta salad into a pickle ? 
converting pressure cooker recipes for cookers with lower psi
how to improve the consistency of my pizza sauce
sun drying tomatoes
handling raw poultry turns my cuticles black ! 
how to grill portabello mushrooms properly
how do i pick the best fillet mignon at the supermarket ? 
what is turkey bacon ? 
cuisinart 12 cup coffee maker - how many grams of ground coffee to make a full strong drip pot ? 
what can i substitute for onions ? 
delaying moldy bread
how can i concentrate citrus juice at home ? 
what role does a stoneware bowl play in the baking of artisan bread ? 
i had delicious udon soup at a japanese restaurant ,  and my attempts to recreate have failed .  what am i missing ? 
is there a special wasabi paste / powder i should use when i ' m making wasabi ice-cream ? 
what is the white residue on pots after cooking beans or lentils ? 
melting chocolate
black tea water: does boiling water first make a difference ? 
what causes curdling and how can you prevent it ? 
is it normal to wash an apple ,  or other fruits ,  with dish washing liquid ? 
how do i promade
russian vobla - ratio for the brine ? 
convert chocolate chip cookie recipe to chocolate chocolate chip cookie
how long should i wait until i put new jars in ? 
will smoked-then-fried foods impart smoke flavor to cooking oil ? 
can you freeze a tomato pie ? 
should rendered pork lard be melting at only 85 f ? 
how long will duck fat last before going bad
when is slow cooking important to salt absorbtion ,  before or after boil ? 
how do you store cooked pasta without losing the bite ? 
how much gluten flour do i need to add ? 
pickling green peaches: is the fuzz a must ? 
pouring technic  ( coffee )  - the difference between clockwise and counterclockwise pour
why is my icecream bitter ? 
how to store brown sugar without it becoming hard ? 
why does my cake rise more in the center ? 
why must i return the chilled chocolate cookie dough to room temperature before baking ? 
jelly or flavored gelatin
why does weikfeild cocoa powder does not taste bitter ? 
is it bad to use lids that do not fit on pot ? 
how can i make cookies with no eggs ? 
heirloom tomatoes
how long can i leave an uncooked steak out ? 
best variety of garlic for slow cooking ? 
why stir sourdough only with wooden spoons ? 
how should i handle food that sticks in stainless steel pans or woks after cooking in sunflower oil ? 
buttermilk substitute ? 
sous vide over cooking toughens meat ? 
is sourdough more resistant to mold than other breads ? 
 ( how )  can i store and cook leftover rice so it isn ' t soggy ? 
what happens during a cold fermentation that makes bread taste so good ? 
how to prep a #5 plastic container for making yogurt ? 
canned cubed tomatoes vs crushed
substituting for candlenuts in indonesian food
why don ' t most non-east asian varieties of rice stick together ? 
can the freshness of butter affect taste of cooking ? 
shredded coconut as a substitute for .  .  .  ? 
are the larger snails in hawaii edible ? 
cooking buckwheat without the smell
is there any reason to scald milk ? 
what is the shelf life of homemade peanut butter in winters and summers ? 
how do i make large spheres using spherification ? 
can cheesecake be cooked without a spring-form pan ? 
when can ' t i use a squash in a recipe which calls for pumpkin ? 
how to peel bell peppers effectively ? 
why does my flour sifter have cup markings
how do i get the burnt aroma off burnt food ? 
cast iron ,  stainless steel ,  or anodized non-stick: which makes the resulting product taste best ? 
how to store anaheim peppers ? 
cabbage - volume to weight conversion ? 
does chopping vegetables remove vitamins ? 
keeping donuts fresh
how can i make carrot cake more fruity and fresh ? 
can you make chocolate from coffee beans or coffee from cacao beans ? 
choosing a red food color for red velvet cake
how is one meant to treat fenugreek seeds ? 
can i still cook on my propane grill with rust ? 
what is the sous vide botulism risk if storing meat post-cooking at home ? 
cooking lemon juice into stew
meat curing vs fermenting
how can i cook 1 / 2 a cup of rice ? 
hollandaise cooked all the way
carrot and potato dumplings question
what kind of creme or mousse is the most robust ?  how can i strengthen a mousse ? 
why are my sauces splitting ? 
making my cocoa mix into instant cocoa mix
why cook stewing meat low and slow ? 
fruit peeling techniques
should the oven temperature be the same for smaller batch ? 
separate cutting boards: cooked vs uncooked meat
can i cook 2 very different things at same time in the oven ? 
coating / skin on quorn sausage - is it edible ? 
is refreezing a meal safe ? 
how should i care for my knives ? 
how can brown stains be removed from pots and pans ? 
can you really keep feta for 3 months in a milk bath ? 
what can replace milk in crepes ? 
what is a good way to cut potatoes into wedges ? 
sweetening cranberry juice impossible ? 
what is a good substitute for oyster sauce  ( for someone with a shellfish allergy )  that is also allergic to mushrooms ? 
how to avoid stiffness and crispness of toasted / oven baked bread sandwiches
how to make spherical chocolate-enrobed candies ? 
please help identify this mystery cookware
what are some good pecorino romano combinations ?    ( see food intolerances inside ,  please ) 
how long should i cook boned shoulder of lamb for ? 
what can i substitute for mayonnaise in a traditional potato salad ? 
how long will vacuum sealed grilled lemons keep in the refrigerator ? 
what is the difference between microwave ,  microwave oven ,  and oven ? 
should i use a base to offset the sour in overripe sourdough starter ? 
looking for ways to improve a keto no-bake lime cheesecake recipe
how do i prevent dougnuts deflating when moving them into the pan ? 
what exactly is  ' osobaya sayanskaya '  in house of cards s03e03 ? 
how do i make pad see ew with fresh rice noodles
sherry wine vs sherry vinegar
how can 100% peanut butter have more protein than 100% peanuts
use water or milk in a tart crust ? 
i added yeast to a recipe calling for baking soda ,  what will happen ? 
hot tea with lemon juice and fat free milk: how to prevent curdling ? 
vegetarian fish
how hot do charcoal grills get ? 
what are the core differences between strawberry varieties ? 
does black tea have the the highest level of caffeine ?  if so ,  why ? 
how do some sandwiches feel creamy
using chicken broth bones for chicken stock ? 
safety of egg yolk glaze
precooking sweet potato fries for quick warm / serve day of party
what cheeses have the least amount of whey in them  ( or not at all )  ? 
is there a practical way to make belgian fries for four at home ? 
how do i make sugar-free ice cream without a machine ? 
is it normal for the colour of the cooked lentils to change overnight even when they were kept in fridge ? 
everyday drink that won ' t destroy my teeth / shoot up my sugar
how can i tell if a fish can safely be prepared "crudo" ? 
gnocchi - best fluffy technique
is it safe to mix vegetable and animal fats ? 
can i substitute mascarpone for ricotta ? 
"keeping warm" tips
looking for some advice on why brown bits burned
how do i prevent salmon sticking to the bbq grill ? 
all else held equal ,  does a pot of tea have more total caffeine than a mug ? 
old melting chocolate problem ? 
adapting graham cracker crust to all-natural graham crackers
how does a miracle thaw work ? 
rubbing eggplants in salt
can chicken be partially deep fried to fully fry later ? 
why do i need to cook milk in a cast iron pan before first usage ? 
using cheesecloth for pancetta
how do i get rid of that calcium chloride taste in my tomato sauce ? 
how to season minced / ground goat
what techniques and tips do you have for keeping an organized ,  clean work area while you cook ? 
vinegar and battered chicken ? 
what is the maximal thickness for choux pastry ? 
how effective is the george foreman grill in draining fat from cooking meat ? 
can you cook chicken breasts frozen on the george foreman grill ? 
what are the effective ways to wrap a pita ? 
i only want to buy two knives ,  which two types to get ? 
why most chocolate bars have trans fat ? 
how many meats can make a meatball ? 
how to season a frozen steak
grams to tablespoon conversion
what is the white sauce of domino ' s pasta made of ? 
making black bread in a microwave oven
can food spoil at cold temperatures ? 
which cuts of beef are suitable for slow cooking methods ? 
sauteed fresh pasta ? 
zojirushi rice cooker np-gbc05
what accounts for the softer texture and sharper flavor of italian ice creams ? 
hot pink spots on surface of ham steak
my cooking pot keeps smoking
what is the correct internal temperature for rabbit meat ? 
where can i find food-grade beeswax to make canel ? 
should i add salt to my sauerkraut recipe if i add vegetables ? 
how to reduce bitterness of basil ? 
why did my grandfather-in-law salt his beer ? 
onion soup: how to chop the onion and what kind of cheese to put in it ? 
hygiene-wise ,  need to clean grill / broiling tray after each use ? 
what is it about milk that makes it go well with cookies ? 
is two-month old eggs laid by backyard chicken still edible ? 
bad eggs in baking ? 
is there a way to save cookies that were baked without flour ? 
how can i create a scotch egg with a runny yolk ? 
what kind of sausage could i use as a substitute for cumberland sausage ? 
doner kebab aroma
what piece of veal should i ask a butcher / meat shop in the us if i want to do stew dishes like "blanquette de veau" or "veau marengo" ? 
what variety of green beans make the best pickled green beans ? 
what do i do with this spice mix ? 
how does baking temperature affect kale chips ? 
how to make crumbly cookies ? 
how to keep saute pan hot without it burning for searing fresh greenbeans or zucchini
where to locate thermometer in my weber charcoal grill
how fast does pork fat spoil ? 
can you safely triple the brine recipe for corned beef ? 
how to flambe my roast meat platter
spicy margarita jelly not setting up
eco-friendly whipping siphon
can i use cast iron on a hot plate ? 
how can i improve the texture of my home-made sausages ? 
how to store cooked quinoa for few hours at work ? 
how do i deal with a really wet ,  messy dough ? 
water vs olive oil when sauting
is there something wrong with the corn kernels that don ' t pop ? 
freeze meat before or after cooking ? 
cooking time for chicken-pesto in the oven
what are common / traditional uses for merguez ? 
cold-brewing coffee
what is fat tripe ? 
how much do dry beans expand when soaked ? 
what is the benefit of using a mezzaluna knife over a traditional knife
restaurant: how long can prepped food  ( cut vegetables ,  garnishes ,  etc )  be stored before it has to be thrown out ? 
how does produce grading in the us work ? 
what will happen if you bake seized chocolate into a batter ? 
help with a chili recipe: need help on fruit / sweet selection
is it safe to refreeze ice cubes ? 
what sort of rice and noodles are "brown rice" or "brown noodles" ? 
is there a table showing the shelf life of basic food at room temperature ? 
does the pasta have to stick to the wall ? 
timing problem ! 
bottled coconut oil
caramel with their 3 stages  ( liquid ,  soft ,  chewy ) : what is the key difference when cooking ? 
what are the principal components of coconut taste ,  and how do they differ between fresh and stale coconuts ? 
cranberry beans ,  probably any beans; medium-term storage options ? 
cheeses for pastas ,  off the beaten path
why does my cakes fall ? 
what does a healthy cast iron skillet look like ? 
how can i tell if bell peppers have gone bad ? 
my seitan is horrible
how to peel hard boiled eggs easily ? 
vegetable stock for a vegan gravy
soda from fridge to room temperature
what makes white chili white ? 
what garlic to use for garlic bagels
whoops- put turkey chili in the crockpot on warm all day .  is it safe once cooked ? 
my dishes seem the same
is butter ever the same after having been melted ? 
is it possible to make hoop cheese out of acid-precipated milk curds ? 
how thoroughly do you need to clean the inside of a chicken before baking it ? 
how to reheat a croquette without it getting soggy
traditional panettone size & volume ? 
why does my dough never "fall" after its first rise ? 
some batter falls off during deep fry
what flavors work well within a splenda-sweetened strawberry-rhubarb cobbler ? 
proper grease for a meat slicer blade
what is substitute for rum in baking ? 
how would i make a paleo yogurt-based frozen custard ? 
is it safe to leave a gas oven on unattended ? 
what side dish should i have with saltimbocca ? 
chicken: take meat off bone before or after cooking ? 
sugar cookie dough is dry and real hard
how can i stop my buttercream being grainy ? 
whats the sulfur in dumplings for ? 
how dangerous is it to refreeze meat that has been thawed
how long can i refrigerate cookie dough ? 
doubts about forming a crust on a souffle to make it rise further
does quality decrease by heavily reducing wine ? 
tomato skin in roasted tomato soup ? 
if you brine a chicken and then boil it in soup ,  how much salt ,  if any ,  will come out and go into the liquid ? 
green broccoli rice
how do i control the temperature of water for an extended period of time ? 
does dry pasta need washing ? 
brining pork turns meat grey
grilling long beans ,  and a substitute for cooking twine
storing cooked rice in fridge
does beef / pork stew require a dutch oven ? 
boiling things using salt
reasons to sweeten ground beef macaroni casserole
is there a substitute for tahini in hummus ? 
i saved the geletinious material from roasting the turkey .  is this appropriate for use in turkey soup ? 
can dried peppers get hotter with aging ? 
clumpy yogurt conundrum
jerk vegetable ? 
are there any appliances that can automate feeding of sourdough starter ? 
what kinds of milk are low in carbs ? 
how do you prepare / cook kohl rabi ? 
can you call the stuffing you put in turkey "filling" ? 
what are good tips for an oven that is too hot at the bottom ? 
i bought mainland ' s vintage cheddar ,  it tastes .  .  .  stale ? 
should i cook my pot roast on high or low ? 
hints on storage of vegetables and fruit
how to store clay dishes ? 
modernist  /  molecular cuisine with a microwave ? 
is there an easy way to french trim a rack of lamb ? 
how to prevent brillant pink raw bread dough from cooking up to yellow ? 
what is the best flour to use for pizza dough ? 
why are my cookies falling apart ? 
adding noodles to soup
how do i balance the bitterness of raddichio in soup ? 
can i soak dried fruit in sweet wine instead of liqueur for use in fruitcakes ? 
what is the maximal shelf life of uht milk ? 
how can i stop my pie from burning ? 
will mustard seeds soften in a sauce ? 
best way to cook lentils ? 
preserve cut potatoes
storing unopened mozzarella
what chemical processes occur in tea that spoil it after some time ? 
doubling a red velvet cake recipe
dehydrating eggs
crispy stir-fried mushrooms
i want to invest in some hotel pans for home cooking ,  what size and quantities should i buy ? 
how long does peanut oil keep
what to do with tofu ? 
horseradish substitute in creamy chowder
is my maple syrup still good ? 
how many standard cake boxes will i need if i ' m baking 3 or 4 9 inch round cakes ? 
the secret to hash browns  /  home fries  /  breakfast potatoes
marinara sauce recipe
crockpot soup issue
chicken on a brinkmann smoker n grill
make seitan "fattier"
is it safe to defrost cooked meat and eat it  ( without reheating ) 
how do you prepare a fresh deer for cooking ? 
salt in boiled meat
how to rest meat but not let it get too cold ? 
how should i store 15h cooled and then 2h cooked at 65c white soybeans ? 
substitute frozen cranberries for fresh berries
reusing marinade
residue in cork
pasta edges break when being rolled in pasta machine
why does my jelly crystal box single out pineapple ,  kiwi fruit and paw paw as preventing setting ? 
cooking pots overheated
what are the benefits of ceylon cinnamon over chinese cinnamon ? 
why isn ' t my mornay sauce smooth ? 
why would cooked spinach contain more iron than raw ? 
how long do "quick" pickles last unrefrigerated ? 
stacking cakes without bases
what types of food are safe for short-term room-temperature storage ? 
how many ounces is a british "tin" of tomatoes ? 
on heating smoked salmon
cooking a turkey crown
in which kind of food items can asafoetida be used ? 
is a seed different from a nut ? 
what is levure equivalant in america ? 
why are my pomegranate seeds white ? 
adding lemon to cookie recipe
baking turkey meatloaf with / out glass cover
how does the addition of chicory affect coffee ? 
do cinnamon ,  mint and saffron turn bitter ? 
how can i tell if a vegetarian recipe is suitable for freezing ? 
roasting 6kg  ( 13lb )  pork leg
should i season a teflon-coated stainless steel frying pan
looking for coffee from the 80 ' s for my father ,  lucern ? 
is "sealing in the flavor" an actual thing ? 
should you store cutlery upside down ? 
do different fat contents  ( skim ,  2% ,  whole ,  etc )  affect rate or intensity of milk spoilage ? 
bitter roasted beets
pan frying store baught chicken breast with added glaze / broth solution
differences between the oven stone and the pizza oven ? 
how many average onions are there per pound ? 
what makes bread gray ? 
how much is a sleeve of celery ? 
what ' s the difference between a cobbler ,  crisp ,  crumble ,  buckle ,  and betty ? 
to achieve maximum flavour is it better to cut or tear basil leaves ? 
steaks look light brown aren ' t charing
vodka for crispy wings - substitute ? 
what to use in place of marjoram in vegetable soup
what can i add to splenda solution to prevent spoilage ? 
how to get rid of goitrogens from goitrogenic foods without cooking ? 
soaking legumes and cooking another day
tarragon: french vs russian vs mexican
can i marble two cakes that call for different cooking temperatures ? 
cake without baking soda
can cilantro be used for tea or tisane ? 
what is the difference between normal oils and cooking oils ? 
can sweetened condensed milk be substituted for whole milk and sugar ? 
why don ' t the single serve coffee cream cups need to be refrigerated ? 
what do i do with leftover egg whites ?  how long are they safe for ? 
definitive jerk chicken
how can i remove the peel and pit of an avocado without the whole thing turning into mush ? 
how do i incorporate chiles into a chocolate cake recipe ? 
how do i clean this silicone tray ? 
keeping pre-cooked asparagus crisp
tricks to ensure mailliard / browning reaction ? 
how do different techniques impact sourdough bread ? 
can palmiers be refrigerated / frozen overnight ? 
pork shoulder low slow cook time
when using melted butter ,  is rendering  ( clarifying )  always preferable ? 
what is the difference between acetate sheets and baking paper when making chocolate deco ? 
does marinating fish actually help the spices get in its flesh ? 
roasting multiple vegetables at once
what can i do with some whipped cream and egg yolk mix ? 
avoid ice crystals in frappuccino
are the rolls at  ' ryans '  or  ' golden corral '  a style of bread ? 
how do i open a brand-new  ( plug-top )  oval canister ? 
why did my hollandaise sauce break when adding spices ? 
refrigerating fudge v leaving it out
how to keep my turkey burgers from crumbling
how do i use no-boil lasagna noodles in a normal recipe ? 
orange spots on dry chickpea
how do i dehydrate hot peppers in the oven ? 
does pizza need yeast ? 
french press coffee amount
suggestions for a substitute for almond paste in a cookie recipe ? 
african palm oil locusts seasoning & preparation ? 
do you need to cook a casserole with raw eggs before you freeze it ? 
how to solve under-baked cookie centers ? 
how can i warm bread making ingredients to room temperature ?  
how can i successfully glaze asparagus ? 
can i get a good crust on a thin steak ? 
how to prevent dough from stopping food processor motor
should you wait certain amount of time after steak reaches 170 degrees internal temperature
my brisket is too sweet
nutritional information on fruits and veggies
help in identifying scandinavian dessert recipe
why does my cauliflower puree taste mustardy after two days ? 
when *brewing* irish coffee in a drip coffeemaker or french press ,  do i need to use more irish whiskey ? 
what does "de-bearding" mussels mean ? 
why are there spikes growing out of my ice tray ? 
is there a safe way to remove items that have fallen into a garbage disposal ? 
hard dry crusts on frozen bread
are "non-fat" condiments as effective as full-fat versions at reducing spiciness ? 
what is the approximate shelf life for herbal infused olive oil ,  coconut oil ,  glycerin ,  or vinegar ? 
sardines as a snack
why does my cookbook want me to drain my tomatoes for a pasta sauce ? 
how to make large clear ice cubes
how do i prevent crust formation when proofing pizza dough ? 
how prepared should a baked dessert be before a long transport ? 
how to evenly fry cubes ? 
cooked chicken on bone - how to refrigerate and reheat some
quantities of lactose ,  lactic acid ,  and other metabolites in yogurt
what is a good ratio  ( range )  of nut flour in mandelkipferl dough ? 
what is the following cooking utensil used for ? 
why boil milk in desserts
when is the right time to pick blueberries ? 
food safety for bacon and ham
prevent spattering oil when pan frying
how should burger patties be prepared in terms of mixing and flavourings ? 
over salted kimchi
can water in which pasta was cooked be used to make gravy ? 
what is the difference between a hen and a chicken ?  in terms of cooking ,  flavor ,  price ,  and anything else culinary related . 
does vanilla really bring out the flavour of other foods ? 
"place pan in a large pan; add 1 inch of hot water to larger pan . " -- why ? 
fried flour tortilla from scratch cook first or just fry
pork shoulder put in broken oven for 10 hours ,  safe to eat ? 
what are convenient and reliable ways to make the starter for rye bread ? 
cooking temperature chart
what factors do i need to consider to figure out if a particular set of toppings will work well on risotto ? 
why the australian tomahawk steak is larger then us ? 
how to deseed a guava ? 
how do i make a leek foam from agar or egg whites ? 
what is the optimal concentration of sugar for baker ' s yeast ? 
when baking vegan lemon drizzle cake ,  should the soya milk be sweetened or unsweetened ,  fresh or longlife ? 
why is expired frozen chicken safe to eat ? 
for crackling ,  should i give pork a blast of super heat at the start or end of roasting ? 
liquid pockets in cream cheese
can i cook gnocchi with sauce in the microwave ? 
are there any differences that need to be accounted for when changing a hamburger from grilled to griddled ? 
is it safe to reuse unrefrigerated canola oil for deep frying ? 
is there a hand blender with a metal coupling connection ? 
sousvide seafood for sushi
how can i make a vanilla ganache which does not taste of white chocolate ? 
how to remove the fuzzy innards from an artichoke ? 
soaking starches in water for better frying
coconut milk / cream vs cow milk in recipes
green streaks on raw meat: is it safe ? 
cooking smoked cured ham on a rotisserie
bottling hot sauces
can almond milk be used as a sauce base ? 
what are the characteristics required for a liquid be considered milk ? 
do sodastream pet bottles have normal 28mm threaded caps ? 
what cheeses work well for pizza that will be refrigerated and reheated ? 
how to predict what the final result of a recipe will weigh ? 
storing chocolate at home in the summer
raspberries too wet in muffin
should i preheat my bread baking containers ? 
problem frozen flour
how do i pick artichokes for deep frying ? 
mackerel ,  how to get the good stuff ? 
what is albumin ? 
is it better to fry or grill a steak ? 
new cast iron has gotten strange color
how long can i leave the fridge open ? 
how to work with dried mushrooms ? 
stove top sushi rice - which method ? 
can vanilla pods be blended into a paste ? 
casein content after curdling
reason for thickness of pepper \ eggplant paste
how to clean ice from ice cream maker bowl without thawing ? 
how are savoury meringues made ? 
do i need to season a stainless steel saute pan ? 
slow cooker meat recipe
braising with 2 dutch ovens - time ? 
when a recipe calls for expensive liquor ,  what ' s the purpose and what are the substitutes ? 
is cooking a raw steak in the microwave safe ? 
possible substitue for vinegar
how to substitute vodka in home-made vanilla extract ? 
combining hot melted sugar with cold liquid ingredients
how can i make my bread pudding firmer ? 
malted balls centers
am sprouting beans in machine is the color normal
cryoconcentration ,  can you do it yourself ? 
veggie burger local to tulancingo ,  mexico
does the cooking time ,  adding more water and using high quality and expensive rice help to produce soft and non-stick rice ? 
can a rice cooker make amounts much smaller than its rating ? 
dill pickles jars don ' t seal
when a recipe calls for a can of condensed soup ,  is the water implied ? 
cleaning a clogged espresso machine portafilter
rinse the salt off a steak before cooking ? 
microwave and metal
boiling eggs on an electric or gas stove: why the boiling time difference ? 
what type of sauce is appropriate for a dry-aged prime steak ? 
what is the internal temperature a steak should be cooked to for rare / medium rare / medium / well ? 
where can i buy a larger than usual 13x4x4 pull man pan ? 
my banana muffins won ' t rise like i want - why ? 
risotto question - what does "translucent rice" look like ? 
sous vide and plastic melting ? 
how to get fresh green peas ? 
food safety of meat vs .  veggies and fruit with mold on them
how can i get a more homogenous bavarian cream ? 
how do i prevent an egg cracking while hard boiling it ? 
how did rust appear on my cast iron in a matter of minutes ? 
why should i prefer tea dust over crumbled tea leaves at home ? 
are there any sugar substitutes for preserving food ? 
oat flour for pasta not rolling well ? 
how long do you cook the vegetables in a pasta salad recipe ? 
getting crispy chicken nuggets at home
will cooking meat in a slow cooker longer than the recipe calls for have any adverse effects ? 
store bought frozen coconut milk
what is soy chicken and how is it prepared ? 
do i need a stand mixer to make good pizza dough ?  if so what should i get ? 
what is the base of a seasoning blend for something like roast chicken ? 
can i eat the hard boiled eggs i boiledthis morning after 24 hours ? 
cooling cooked onions before adding to raw mince
mushroom soup prep in advance
how does soaking liver in milk work ? 
can salt make sour fruit seem sweeter ? 
ginger and yeast
how can i achieve the same flavor and texture as roasted garlic without an oven ? 
reasons for discarding the core of the onion when chopping ? 
frozen canned soup
why should i use garlic making roasted potatoes ? 
what is the name of this ukrainian bread ? 
how do you efficiently clean a leek ? 
modernist cuisine-style bbq brisket safety
are mushy plums ok to use in cooking ? 
which breeds of pigs are suitable for bacons ? 
how do you cook frozen lobster tails ? 
how can i prevent a thick layer of tikka marinade on my chicken ? 
black residue inside frying pan
knife sharpening equipment
partially cooked meats
how does sourdough  ( wild yeast )  starter differ from location to location ? 
are vanillin / vanilla powder safe to use in savory dishes ? 
aged cheese allergy ,  what would be a good substitution ? 
which is the best culinary book  ( a reference guide )  for study at home ? 
what is the minimum ingredient to bake a bread ? 
what should a good cookie dough look like ? 
greece salad dressing stay good in the fridge ? 
is it safe to store raw meat alongside pre-cooked produce  ( ie .  ready-made pies )  in the fridge ? 
does bread have alcohol in it ? 
what are proper methods of cooking stovetop lentils ? 
i am looking for a gluten free alternative to farro
what is the cranberries / sugar ratio used in the american cranberry sauce ? 
why did my toasted acorn squash seeds smell like chocolate ? 
bunn starts brewing coffee long after it ' s done
which caffeine-free tea herbs have tannins ? 
meatballs refrozen ,  safe to eat
does the thickness of a cake affect the baking time ? 
should i bag hard candy or not ? 
is less quality cream used in salted butter ? 
is it safe to leave cooked poultry at room temperature overnight ? 
crystals on bottle of sweet alcohol
waxed or unwaxed lemons ? 
what technique should i use to make latkes for a party so that i don ' t have to stay in the kitchen ? 
what is sumac used for ? 
what is the best method / product for cleaning pasta ' s starch residue from colander and cooking pot ? 
why would a pregnant woman not be able to eat soft cheeses ? 
edible supports for a fondant palm tree
how can i repair a pasta maker that was washed with water and has started to rust ? 
sushi rolls opening up
does paprika extract actually taste of paprika ? 
replacement for pumpkin
should i include egg shells in my stock ? 
what different uses do we assign to salted butter vs .  unsalted butter ? 
how do i smoke on a propane grill that has a separate smoker attached ? 
when does baking / cooking in bulk have an advantage ? 
can you make cheese curds with pasteurized milk ? 
how to dry fruit peels without growing mold ? 
is this a true ?  you should use garlic with pork and ginger with beef and never vice versa ? 
why did my tomato soup turn thick and brownish ? 
how can i hold the flavor and texture of my spheres ? 
heating meatballs in pasta sauce
can whole milk be used to make fresh cheeses like marscapone ? 
chef knives and cutting surfaces
making licorice root syrup or extract
getting dog meat to taste as close to steak as possible ? 
how long to steam eggs for ?   ( instead of hard boiling ) 
can i use fat-free milk in bchamel ? 
how much juice can you get from an orange ? 
name of the tea with tiny green leaves
how does one invent a cookie recipe ? 
is it safe to cook a steak that was left out  ( raw )  for 7 hours ? 
scraping caramel for flan
italian meringue deflated after adding sugar
how can i turn my muffin batter into the natural blue color from blueberries ? 
is it possible to steam steak ? 
turkey bacon a good stand-in for bacon ? 
does unopened whole wheat flour have to be refrigerated ? 
how to prepare shirataki noodles to more closely resemble classic pasta ? 
sugar and yeast proportion while making sweet bread
how do i get homemade mayonnaise to taste like store bought mayonnaise ? 
how do you make hull hotcakes ? 
what ' s the best way to crack open a brazil nut without breaking the nut ? 
brewing hibiscus tea
how long should i bake a whole sweet potato for ? 
why don ' t they sell frozen tomatoes like other frozen vegetables and fruits ? 
killed enzymes in yogurt
what is the best way to re-serve day old meat balls ? 
scrambled eggs for a buffet
is there an alternative to using oil when baking muffins
preserving nerds  /  pop rocks so they activate in the mouth and not in the food
can you cook bone stock in two hours ,  if not what are the problems ? 
how to make a custard  ( royale )  that sets up firm on the stovetop ? 
how can i store chopped onions in the fridge without the smell ? 
can i pasteurize milk using a microwave ? 
does an acid actually stabilize meringue and if so why ? 
should i wash newly bought plastic tumblers ? 
how can i make fluffy chocolate mousse without gelatin ? 
why is black tea sold in crumbled form ? 
can you make sous vide steak in a pressure cooker ? 
can ghee be used instead of butter in dessert recipes ? 
how many cups of flour are there in a pound ? 
how hot does garlic need to get to lose its sharpness ? 
tweaking a macaroni & cheese cake
what temperature is  ' high '  in a 950 watt microwave ? 
how to complement a dish ? 
is there a difference between kansas city strip and new york strip ? 
what to add to the batter of the cake to avoid hardening when the gluten formation can ' t be avoided ? 
gelpro mats - do they work ? 
how can i substitute tender quick for pink salt + kosher salt ? 
fire in hot air oven
can coconut cream be transformed into coconut milk ,  or vice versa ? 
ceramic cup seems to be cracked internally ,  is it safe to use ? 
will skim milk powder go bad when mixed with peanut butter ? 
oil for tabletop working dough
can zucchini be increased in zucchini bread recipes ? 
what animal parts can be included in head cheese ? 
substitute for refined white flour to make fried potato wedges crispy ? 
what is the difference between good quality chocolate and cheap chocolate ? 
what should go in an italian sub sandwich ? 
are there alternative ways to test fruit preserves for doneness ? 
how is botan  ( the japanese rice candy )  made ? 
how to bake chips in microwave using grill ? 
what is the best way to store ground coffee ? 
how to protect roasted coffee powder from degrading during daily use ? 
what temperature should i serve salami at ? 
what to do with browned butter after frying a steak
can you eat the seeds of tamarind if you roast them or boil them ? 
can i fix this bad beef stew ? 
homemade pizza - getting the dough crispy
how to keep  ' fresh '  chorizo ? 
callebaut callets vs .  block ? 
what is the difference between various types of flour ? 
what is fondant ? 
how long does parmesan sprinkle cheese last in the refrigerator ? 
how to make crispy french fries ? 
how do i make the filling in pain aux raisins  /  danish pastry
cooking large quantity of chicken legs
why does spinach lose its texture when cooked ? 
how long is cooked hamburger able to sit in a crockpot ? 
fish and cheese: an unbreakable rule ? 
when boiling water without any other ingredients in it ,  why start from cold ? 
what tweaks can be made when preparing chili powder ? 
fajitas: marinade vegetables with chicken
why should we add alcohol to make extract
how are black beans cooked for mexican dishes ? 
lifting the lid on cooking rice - is it such a big deal ? 
dutch savoury spices and herbs
how to bake ground beef
why is my sherbet loosing flavour ? 
does stainless steel affect garlic flavors in food ? 
started thawing but can ' t finish cooking meat: time sensitive
my french bread dough did not rise on the second rise after forming the loaves
why is some metal safe to use in a microwave ,  but others not ? 
are green potatoes ok ? 
brown spots on new stainless steel pot
pork shoulder discoloured in the freezer to a greenish grey colour .  what happened ? 
making crumpets in advance ? 
do the properties of oils change if they ' re cooked ? 
non-cow ' s milk replacement for parmesan cheese in genovese pesto
what is the proper way to use corn starch to thicken sauces ? 
how to properly prepare a weeks worth of pasta and microwave it at work
which preservatives / additives in ingredients can interfere with kimchi-style fermentation ? 
can bad honing technique spoil a knife ? 
should i peel garlic before pressing it ? 
french press vs .  chemex - oil absorbed by chemex filters ? 
why are my homemade lobster rolls so much worse than those at the restaurants whose recipes i ' m using ? 
my chutney will not freeze ,  help ! 
supply of boiling water without power outlet
kneading dough - significance of warm hands
boiled chicken: coloured parts of the meat ? 
what effect would boiling for 1 minute and resting have on a vinegar-based bbq sauce ? 
are there any tricks to making a light-textured "whipped cream cake" ? 
how can i reproduce a "gamey" flavor ? 
rice water  ?  spoiled ? 
storing bread dough before baking
what to do with over cooked quince jam
can i use my blender for food processing the ingredients in my gazpacho ? 
why did my banana catch fire in the microwave ? 
does pesto go bad ? 
why doesn ' t my whole wheat dough pass the poke test ? 
can i make panna cotta using a flavored ,  non-gelatin "jell dessert" ? 
can too hot water cause the mate gourd to break ? 
how to safely grill meat / fruit / veggie skewers
why won ' t my bread rise much during baking ? 
can i substitute olive oil for butter / shortening in pie crust ? 
i left fully cooked lasagna out all night
flour protein and browning
pot making popping noises
how does one remove the "fishy flavor" from seafood ? 
what can make a gluten free sponge light and fluffy ? 
can i make ice cream with artificial sweetener
replacement for file powder
how do i make a "baking powder" substitute in a pinch
techniques for cooking beef shin in the piece
molasses and honey with burned beef suggestions ? 
need a gas cooker but have no gas supply
what is the difference between paris ham and french ham ? 
why in this one recipe parsley is used in 2 different ways ? 
ground beef vs .  ground pork
flavour in different cuts
does adding vegetables to your brine add any flavour ? 
cooking cakes with pop rocks  /  space dust
how can i reduce the fat in a white wine and parsley sauce ? 
how to measure food acidity
should i wash my pre-washed greens ? 
how to substitute flour with nutritional yeast
how do i cook these two items in the oven at the same time ? 
what does tin foil do when baking a pot pie ? 
what is a good substitute for full cream milk powder ? 
how can i make matzo meal and matzo farfel ? 
what gives a good bagel its crust ? 
what can i use as the leaf in dolma ? 
how to make apple pie stay intact
how to prevent fresh peaches from sinking to the bottom of a buttermilk pound cak ? 
baking with regular skillet vs .  cast iron for apple pie
how do i substitute out canned pumpkin pie filling
what should be understood by "refrigerate until firm ,  2 hours or overnight" ? 
how do i confit a pork neck
why does a cake recipe call for 2 tbsp of hot water ? 
how can you prevent the lettuce from wilting if covered with something hot ? 
does the drying out of vegetables affect the taste after cooking ? 
fixing oily chili
how do i tell if a rutabaga is fresh ? 
how do beets bake up in flour ? 
my red potatoes seem to have an unusually high amount of eyes .  should i cut them out ? 
what types of snails are made into escargot ? 
why do dumplings float when they are ready ? 
making vinegar - alcohol and sugar tolerance
is there a way to heat a precooked ham in a 425 degree oven ? 
substituting instant imitation flavored pudding mix and cake mix in bundt cake recipe
dry cured chicken with bad odor
can i boil bratwurst in beer to cook them ? 
what pots work the best on electric ranges to sautee ,  fry and simmer ? 
what ' s a good bible on vegetarian cooking ? 
is it safe to boil lemon water ? 
why do "saute pans" have straight sides ? 
is soaking beans 24 hours unrefrigerated safe ? 
did i poison myself by eating popcorn made in a steel pot with olive oil ? 
how to ensure that eggs get hard boiled on a gas stove ? 
why does oil bubble when you fry things ? 
does adding water back into an over-reduced sauce lose flavour ? 
making cake balls with a not-so-sweet frosting
turkey meatloaf safety
what is "au sec" ? 
essenial cookware / utensils to buy from scratch for sustanence in the us ? 
mold forms on sweet miso -- can i still use the miso ? 
how can i make frosting without powdered sugar
cooking porridge in steam oven
how to take care of the teflon coated cookware to ensure their long life ? 
what does cream of tartar do in baking recipes ? 
how to know whether the whole unpeeled garlic is still edible or not ? 
what ' s the use of the hexagon bottom in braisers ? 
why do light and dark roux have different effects when thickening sauces ? 
what happened to my steak ? 
how to know how salty is my soup without tasting ? 
what is the best way to store and manage tahini ? 
why would i use arrowroot instead of cornstarch ? 
botulism ,  garlic ,  cold pressed olive oil and mason jars
how long should i blanch baby peas ? 
oven alternatives
what temperature are dark beers  ( stouts and nut browns )  supposed to be consumed at ? 
how to recover jam that has set too hard ? 
what would be the result of using chicken livers when making liverwurst ? 
do tea-like drinks typically require the plant material be dried or processed ? 
marinade then cook or cook then marinade ? 
how do i make this particular pizza dough ? 
how much salt does fish in brine absorb ? 
how to make hazelnut oil
which cooking apparatus is best to make croque monsieur ? 
what are the crunchy bits on top of thai mango with sticky rice ? 
what natural ingredient besides honey and fats can i use to bind a mixture of powders together ? 
sauting vs frying vs caramelizing -- what ' s the difference ? 
what do i do with a kohlrabi ? 
how do i make dosas smooth and shiny ? 
food processor feeder tube hole - what is it called and how does it work ? 
cod as a sub for salmon
storing baking soda
moldy bread smell but no mold ? 
how to cook squid to get rid of the  ' urine '  flavor ?  what causes that flavor ? 
how can i get a takeaway style pizza base ? 
is there a technique for glac  ( glazing )  that could speed up the process ? 
is it possible to improve one ' s taste palette through practice or other methods ? 
the way to cook vegetables that keeps most of the nutrients
peeling a drumstick
what should be the tooth of banana pudding pie ? 
using dark rum instead of white rum
workflow planning template
should a [ceramic] mug be left covered or uncovered during the tea bag steeping process ? 
how to keep battered  ( tempura )  goods from sticking to the deep frying pan ? 
how do you peel garlic easily ? 
seasoning a wok ,  have i burned on the factory oil ? 
why is my green tea brown but then green when i reuse the bag ? 
my grandmothers "brown" bread
what if anything make a liquid a good candidate for a reduction ? 
where to get or how to make hollow sugar balls ? 
should lemongrass be edible or just a flavoring ? 
any tips on crushing garlic for alioli ? 
what is the purpose of this footed glassware with a large round bowl and a decorative handle ? 
alkaline cooking
why must the oven be preheated for a pyrex glass pan ? 
why doesn ' t mayonnaise taste like pure oil ? 
how can i prevent simple syrup from crystallizing ? 
how can i effectively time a short thawing and brining of a a turkey ? 
can over proofed dough be harmful to breathe in ? 
is cheese a condiment ?   ( burgers ,  sandwiches ,  etc ) 
what ' s a good technique for cooking fresh corn in the microwave ? 
can black pudding be stored long-term ? 
can fruit juice be used to hold a cheesecake crust together ? 
what "all-in-one" single serving tea device ( s )  are sturdy ,  make "teapot quality" loose leaf tea ,  and are two pieces or less ? 
how to properly clean a whiskey flask ? 
what can i do with the meat and fat trimmed from the top of lamb ribs ? 
what is the difference in blanching and parboiling ? 
how do you make the shell for this dinosaur egg dessert ? 
why do i need to melt butter with chocolate ? 
dry leg of lamb
converting kneading times from machine kneading to hand kneading
what is a good substitute for fish sauce ? 
should i refrigerate eggs ? 
can i replace flour in a soup recipe with a 1 to 1 gluten free flour ? 
converting dried measurements to soaked measurements
baking souffles
how would i go about recreating beef / hamburger taste / umami ,  strictly vegan ? 
bread going stale in enamel breadbasket
freeze then roast red bell peppers ? 
the quantity of which ingredients should be increased to raise the moistness of a cake ? 
why did my omelette turn gray ? 
vegetable broth / stock from kirkland organic no-salt seasoning
how to evenly spread butter in each square of a waffle ? 
what type of noodles absorb most amount of liquid ? 
using my own wood for smoking ? 
why can ' t i get a seasoning layer on my carbon steel pan using an induction hob ? 
is it ok to store peanut oil in the container it came in after being used ? 
how long can i keep thawed corned beef in my refrigerator ? 
can polenta be baked ? 
how to distinguish nutmeg freshness ? 
storing beef for 3 days
how can i keep my waffle iron relatively clean when making waffles ? 
how can i modify corn bread recipes to accomodate a wet filling ? 
combining dishes that need oven temps of 450 ,  425 ,  400 ,  and 350
baking with unhulled sesame seeds versus hulled
stirring with knives ? 
how can i make the tops of my macarons smooth ? 
temperature of tandoor for making naan
need to replace my "bean pot" what should i look for ? 
canning chili with beans
how should i improve my chopping flow ? 
how to freeze your own produce & meals ,  without cell wall break down ? 
brine ,  then marinate ? 
adding fresh herbs in no-knead bread
how can i make non-fluffy pancakes ? 
what ' s this yellow plum-like fruit with a spiky stone ?  west africa
can you substitute asian red chili paste  ( e . g .  thai kitchen ' s roasted red chili paste )  for sambal oelek ? 
why does broccoli turn brown when steaming ? 
what brand of roasting dish would you recommend ? 
will a pineapple marinade reduce a beef roast to paste ? 
sausage roll pastry - how do i achieve a smooth shiny effect ? 
does sugar turn sour after prolonged cooking ? 
is a smoked pork shoulder a suitable substitute for ham hocks ? 
how to make my sourdough sweet ? 
tips for reheating food in the microwave
how do i make oatmeal chocolate chip cookies that are thick ? 
why is the chicken too hard in the outside but soggy in the inside ? 
split beans in a pressure cooker ? 
how does boiling remove vitamin c from food ? 
what is the best technique to put icing on plastic ? 
what does acidity mean in terms of coffee ?  how does it affect taste ? 
is there such a thing as too much vanilla ? 
why potatoes need to be boiled in order to make alcohol ? 
how can i make a silky smooth ,  rich mash ? 
what is an elegant way to serve whole duck livers ? 
homemade and commercial kefirs
smoking whole chicken without skin
how do i create spherical coffee ? 
does heating up a ptfe non-stick pan create "fumes" ? 
refrigerator pickles in plastic ? 
cake help urgent ! 
why won ' t my pudding thicken up ? 
chinese pork jerky: what makes them so tender ,  how do you make it ? 
preparing curries faster
how to cook extremely soft chicken ? 
is it safe to eat chicken stored below 0c for about 8 days ?  if not what are the dangers ? 
how to make namkeen mathi / mathri ? 
will a lid with a hole in it work with a crock pot ? 
why you shouldn ' t use soap to clean a pizza stone ?  or some pans and pots ? 
gas or charcoal grille which one to buy
filtered or non-filtered soymilk maker ? 
does the alcohol in wine affect cooking process ? 
substituting freezer paper for parchment paper
where can i buy kosher salt in london ? 
i want to duplicate my bread mistake ! 
is there a way to recover hardened pecorino romano ? 
peeling and dicing potato before boiling it
can evaporated milk be converted to sweetened condensed ? 
the right amount of jalapeo
what can replace vegetable butter ? 
why use liquid nitrogen to make ice cream ? 
how is kiwifruit used to tenderize meat ? 
belgian chocolate milk
maintaining pressure on pressure cooker
getting the bowl out of the mold
can southern blue whiting replace cod ? 
butter separation in english toffee candy
how to check whether the olive oil is fit for consumption or not ? 
trick to keeping guacamole from turning brown
why is commercial sandwich bread so popular in the us and uk ? 
should cold turkey and roast beef be heated before putting on the gravy ? 
adding / substituting non-flour ingredients in bread
what does it mean if my chicken tastes like fish ? 
can i successfully freeze raw cabbage ? 
when creating a recipe ,  what determines whether 2 ingredients will go well together ? 
cracking cocunut cream
how can i maximize wasabi flavor ? 
what is the most energy efficient way to cook meat on an electric stove ? 
whip cream dispenser broken
what direction must one stir molten chocolate ? 
black flakes from new cast iron pan
where can i find this exact spatula ,  with a short handle and asymmetric head ? 
baking in glass loaf pan
how can you tell whether bread dough is ready for baking ? 
how do i remove bitterness from zucchini ? 
blender buying - square vs .  round container
having trouble getting lower fat fluffy pancakes with baking soda approach
how to get a cake or pie like flavor with tea ? 
is oven an important factor in getting great baking results ? 
can i use fresh okara without cooking it ? 
is there any harm to eat cooked renal pelvis in lamb kidney ? 
making hard cheese from milk by vinegar
best online source for spices
how long can i keep raw-egg based salad dressing refrigerated
food safe airbrushing
best practices to minimize smoke when cooking meat using a cast iron skillet
how much can i change the height of a cake ? 
if a recipe calls for canned beans and i want to use dried beans ,  what do i need to do to the dried beans first ? 
how to properly cook basmati rice in a rice cooker
what is the difference between ice cream ,  gelato ,  and sorbet ? 
does a romanian omlet rneasc  ( peasant omelette )  have standard ingredients ? 
why is fish not considered as meat ? 
charring veg without gas burners / grill
what is the sign of mozzarella being old ? 
how do i make my casserole  ( with noodles )  less dry ? 
i have a 8 . 6 pd 4 rib standing rib roast with bone .  what temp and how long do i cook it in the over ?  should i use the convection fan ? 
how to make a beef or vegetable broth more dense ? 
how do i know if condiments in refrigarator are good ? 
i am looking for a vegan substitute for cream cheese for use in a white chocolate / cream cheese icing
how to make fennel juice ? 
how to make my graham cracker bites crispy / crunchy ? 
what seasonings give ranch dressing its distinctive flavor ? 
bread crusty outside and super soft inside
groceries left in car overnight
proper temperatures for meats .  .  . foodie standards ? 
gumbo file is slimey and too thick . 
how do you make ketchup doritos ? 
how to stop icing from running off iced buns ? 
le creuset vs .  lodge enamel
ways to counter the burn of too many scallions ? 
what are the positive effects of adding celery to a sauce ? 
how do i make authentic russian black bread ? 
too much pepper in soup: any way to fix ? 
what is the relationship between starchy vegetables / fruits and root vegetables ? 
sesame oil vs toasted sesame oil
can shortening be used to replace lard in baking bread ? 
rescuing peanut butter frosting
how to get rid of the smell from the fridge ? 
why are my  ( italian whole foods )  sausages still pink inside ? 
are these worms in my black eyed peas / beans ? 
why do my meat burritos not heat well ? 
recipe calls for garlic powder and all i have is garlic salt
how can i add flavorings and colorings to white chocolate ? 
defrosting pizza dough correctly ? 
my sugar cookies taste dry / stale
is there a magic ingredient that keeps ice-cream soft ? 
best substitute wine glass
caffettiera  ( moka pot )  is not making coffee properly
how long should i wait before i lift the lid of my sauerkraut crock ? 
what are the uses for a roasting pan ?  do i really need a roasting pan ? 
frozen pizza kept at room temp  ( 23 c )  for 48 hours - safe to use ? 
factory brine vs home brine
non-stick griddle frustration
how much is in a handful of spinach ? 
cooked pork left out overnight
how to increase batch size of dough starter bread ? 
how do i reduce the acidity of homemade honey lemon juice ? 
what are the odds that american household have a rice cooker ? 
how safe is it to combine flavor extracts ? 
why are most juices sold for the same price ? 
will cannes food tops melt if dropped in boiling soup ? 
how do i ensure that pita forms a nice big ,  even pocket when baking ? 
what am i doing wrong with my kool-aid pickles ? 
are egg yolks neccessary for proper pancake structure in flourless pancakes ? 
can i un-seal canned tomato sauce ,  and re-seal after further cooking ? 
what makes bourbon a decent substitute for vanilla ? 
how much oil should you use when stir frying a single portion ? 
is it okay to cover food in the fridge with paper plates ? 
do scalloped sides on a knife blade have any effect ? 
de-humidify a fridge
what is the cellular activity behind massaged greens ? 
refrigerator life of cooked clams
how to make a passion fruit mousse without gelatin ? 
when to add seasoning to oven-baked french fries ? 
what kind of chili peppers are these ? 
why would a recipe be sensitive to the brand of cream cheese i bought ? 
gluten-free alternative to commercial yeast when making gluten-free bread ? 
tiramisu mixture not firm
pulled pork - interrupted cooking in oven ? 
how do you keep a turkey meatloaf from getting too "dry" ? 
is there a way to ferment mustard seeds for homemade mustard ? 
making soy milk: best way to separate okara ? 
what styles of barbeque exist in american cuisine ? 
chocolate substitutions in baking brownies from scratch
smoking chicken breasts with and without skin
how to make a sauce based on tea
does whole milk or soy milk spoil faster ?  why ? 
how should glasses / cups be oriented in storage ? 
the cook time and temperature i need is not an option on my crockpot
do liquor based extracts require sugar ? 
where to find a large individual brownie pan ? 
how do i remove a black residue after seasoning cast iron waffle maker
commercial fudge recipes
chestnut puree quantity
does a granite pestel need to be re-grooved ? 
how to get flour quesadilla light and crispy ? 
methods for seasoning wooden spoons ? 
are there certain kinds of salts that work best for baking  ( cakes ,  bread ,  etc )  ? 
cleaning a food processor
cooking duck breasts
fresh pearl onions vs frozen
kimchi  /  mo-chu ka-roo ? 
how much water in potato-leek soup  ( vichyssoise )  ? 
what is the optimal temperature for making coffee ,  specifically in an aeropress ? 
how much fresh lovage in soup ? 
does anyone know how to make a sous vide style cooking vessel ? 
how does double-bagging sous vide food affect cook time ? 
panko-breaded tilapia ,  medium fried ,  non-stick pan ,  absorbed oil
increase lifetime of homemade chocolates
what is the purpose of sifting dry ingredients ? 
why my banana sauce is not smooth ? 
effect of undutched cocoa on baking
rice cookery in water containing sugar versus plain water
substitute for fresh lemons - i need to make 70 liters of homemade lemonade
vinegar alternatives and rice combinations in making sushi rice
what is the best way to turn the chunks of jaggery into fine powder ? 
can i use yellow split peas in paruppu urundai instead of toor dal
does it matter if i make waffles in a frying pan ? 
new crockpot cook times rule ? 
induction unit makes buzzing sound
does a mechanical meat tenderiser denature chicken so that it will absorb more salt water ? 
why didn ' t my clarified herb butter solidify ? 
how to remove the flavor from whisky stones ? 
how do you apply colored sugar just to the raised image on a cookie
is there standard terminology for the doneness of bacon strips ? 
why do sauces thicken as they cool ? 
why add a shot of vodka to a cream sauce ? 
can adequate heating transform spoiled food into safe food ? 
how to make a jim lahey ' s no-knead bread in time for breakfast
how to make latte art on a cappuccino ? 
what is the ingredient that makes a spanish paella so particular ? 
are cooked frozen shrimp safe ? 
black layer in an onion
why did i end up with mushy corned beef ? 
breadmaker bread not remaining fresh long enough
what is the correct flour ,  sugar ,  butter ratio for crumble ? 
how can i let fruit ripen faster ? 
how can i improve the shape / appearance of this bread ? 
is it safe to eat mouldy bread ? 
what is the difference between grape and cherry tomatoes ? 
type of oil to cook white / black pudding in ? 
tempering chocolate without a thermometer
substitute for baking parchment
bundt pan substitution ? 
why my meatballs sweated all of their fat ? 
problem with "no bake cookies"
how should chicken breasts for a chicken salad be cooked ? 
how can i extract palm sugar from a container ? 
no shortening and no refrigeration ,  buttercream frosting
how is boiled rice different from steamed ? 
why is cooking in oil or fat considered dry heating ? 
passive cooker hood vs recirculation one
what is the difference between cheesecake and ny cheesecake ? 
can citrus be squeezed too much ? 
why isn ' t my bread machine making any bread ? 
what can replace coconut oil in a chocolate cookie coating ? 
sushi rice vs pudding rice
left a 10 pound cryovac wrapped frozen ribeye in garage for 3 hours - is it safe to eat ? 
how to preserve the "sugar syrup" without using a cold storage ? 
fried pies lose their shape
is zesting lemons effective when making lemonade ? 
is it safe to keep carpaccio in a refrigerator for 24 hours ? 
how deeply should i peel sweet potatoes ? 
what can i use instead of paddle attachment for a stand mixer ? 
need to refrigerate vinaigrette ? 
how can i avoid an underbake in a bundt pan ? 
how much acid to use for stabilizing meringue ? 
cooking red kidney beans
domestic ,  fresh taste-alike for an italian coffee
cheese that pairs with spicy food
how can i get frozen egg whites out of the ice tray ? 
why is my cheese sauce gritty ? 
is it safe to use non-sashimi grade fish to make gravlax ? 
why isn ' t the beef fat in my chili melting ? 
pimento sauce that is added to mayo
what does kansui do to dough in noodle making ? 
how does one break long bones for broth ? 
expired instant dry yeast
what are other techniques to make garlic bread ? 
what ingredient changes will make this cookie dough more workable ? 
storage of chocolates / candies in process  ( i . e .  prior to cutting ,  dipping ,  etc )  ? 
aftdr opening yeast
equivalence between fresh coconut and coconut cream ? 
how to prevent calzones from getting soggy on steam table ? 
is baking by weight really more accurate ? 
fresh tomatoes for home-made pizzas ,  is it worth it ? 
grnkern milled vs .  whole
storage approach for chopped vegetables ? 
smoking a blade steak
what is the difference between roasting ,  baking ,  and broasting ? 
why does my english muffins package say to use a fork or fingers instead of a knife to open them ? 
can i replace brown sugar with white sugar without using molasses in cookies ? 
why does the beef i cook never come out tender ? 
how do you dry wet brown sugar clumps ? 
what are ways to extract the juice from a pomegranate ? 
does cinnamon "spoil" ? 
why do english recipes of sauce marchand de vin call for worcestershire sauce ? 
can you candy salt ? 
how long does it take to cool 5 lb of deep fried chicken from 350 degree to 75 degree
does keeping a fridge / freezer full significantly help energy efficiency ? 
how do i cook with bay leaves ? 
pressure cookers -- why are they good at things normally cooked at low heat ? 
how do you prolong buns / rolls / scone / crumpet softness ? 
why does the roux break down in my chicken velout sauce ? 
how do i keep clam juice
is the tortilla de patatas modification to include carrots reasonable and can you cook inside a casserole dish to make it taller ? 
is salt caking really a big problem ,  or are anti-caking agents just cheaper than salt ? 
what are the safety considerations in making pine needle tea ? 
why would this pastry cream have an eggy smell ? 
whole fish oven temperature and inside temperature
what type of rice is best for indian style rice pudding ? 
do ice wands have an advantage over a homemade solution ? 
definition of a "half glass ? "
how can i store leftover puff pastry or make it more durable ? 
how do i get the butter out of my chocolate fondue ? 
soy milk; fridge vs .  shelf ? 
bolognese: can i add the meat after tomatoes ? 
how to store extra ,  unused brine ? 
what rules should i follow for improvised food recipes that aren ' t dangerous ? 
what is the purpose of adding oil when cooking scrambled eggs on non-stick pan ? 
what is the lowest temperature possible  ( of water )  to cook meat in ? 
using liquid nitrogen for tenderizing octopus ? 
"prepared" pizza base - does that mean cooked ? 
pyrex pie plate on hearthstone
do the cup cakes bake faster in a 24 hole cup cake tray rather than a 12 hole cup cake tray ? 
why have the roast chicken pieces turned brown when put in a pot of boiling vegetables
what happens if you cook pureed pancakes ? 
how to fry meat without spattering oil ? 
what is this double-serrated knife good for ? 
why did my lids seal ? 
how to saute without oil on stainless steel pots / pans ? 
can i use a gas oven spring form in my electric oven ? 
chuck or "stew" beef labeled in the super market
semifreddo vs ice cream
what is the term for the "amuse-bouche" at the end of the meal ? 
is it safe to microwave pyrex containers immediately after removing them from the freezer and removing the plastic lid ? 
should i sear sous-vide chicken breasts ? 
terrine shrunk during cooking
is there a good ,  clean way to pit black olives ? 
pte brise ,  sucre and sable
can i add mint flavoring to ready made royal icing ? 
can you take a cooked roast and make it tender and moist ? 
chocolate seized during dipping ,  how to prevent it ? 
how to stop cupcakes from collapsing ? 
can i use tomato paste in dal ? 
is there a point in stuffing a chicken if i ' m not planning on eating the stuffing part ? 
frying chicken wings all the way through
should i let my sourdough loaf proof in the fridge or on the counter ? 
store avocados for say a month
what cooking gadget is that ? 
recipe say ' s to sponge on 2 cups warm milk and 1 cup warm water ,  what does this mean ? 
what is the proportion of edible meat in whole live mussels ? 
what can i use to strain gritty bloody mary mix ? 
nutrition facts: what does "as packaged" mean ? 
torte milanese without puff pastry dough
how should i clean ,  or care for ,  a banneton  ( brotform ,  proofing basket )  ? 
flash fire from self-cleaning oven
why do bread and butter pickle recipes call for onions ,  mustard seed ,  and celery seed ? 
how long does it take for potato dough to become thinner ? 
transportation of meat
how to preserve spaghetti for a short amount of time ? 
what is the charcoal snake method and how does it work ? 
what are marshmallows ? 
is there any dessert that needs a knife ? 
have i ruined my chicken by marinating it in milk and lemon ? 
can i put raw ground beef in the crockpot when making chili ? 
best practices for baking experiment  ' design '  ? 
pre-cooked meat
what do you use to get the vegetables out after steaming ? 
how do i prevent grainy fudge ? 
cooking a chicken and vegetable curry using a curry paste
what are the preferred uses for different sharpness of cheddar cheese ? 
fresh mussels ,  or are they ? 
my chocolate-chip cookie expanded after baking
how can i safely improve my cutting technique
what can i use in place of allspice ? 
is it bad to boil milk ? 
what is the dish shown in the "sunset limited"
optimal egg size ? 
how is it that brioche rises so high ? 
should you avoid cooling a frying pan with water ? 
bacon buns: how to make them softer
ingredients or techniques to a more solid lasagna
how do i get my homemade english muffins to taste like english muffins ? 
if a recipe doesn ' t specify the type of vinegar ,  is there a standard type implied ? 
chemical process behind hardening ice cream
what kind of containers for homemade ice cream ? 
why did my roasted butternut squash ferment ? 
minimum preparation for baking a whole fish
how to use stock from tablet
how much dry ice should be used to keep this much dough frozen in a box of this size ? 
what will the coriander ,  cumin and paradise add to the lentil soup and can i do without the paradise ? 
preparing pork belly: odd barn yard flavor
what is a thorough way to clean my dish rack ? 
how should i store eggs in the refrigerator ? 
boiling wheat vs barley
cooking juicy beef in a pan
what other names are scallions known by ? 
can grocery store chocolate be used as chocolate coating ? 
are homemade versions of popular food more liable to spoil ? 
problem making cakes and pancakes
which is better ,  baking in glass or metal ? 
how do i cook chips  ( french fries )  in the oven ? 
mochi: pounded vs .  from rice flour
alternative leavening agents other than baking powder ,  and their ratios of substitution
how can i cook chicken breast like nando ' s ? 
how do i substitute rehydrated garbanzo beans for garbanzo beans from a can ? 
slow-carb or low-carb alternative to pita and similiar neutral tasting breads
help with thinly slicing garlic
the role of the gluten in an acid environment
big chicken vs small chicken: weight and stuffing volume ratios
how to make canned coconut milk separate
does resting the dough for a long time reduce the need to knead the bread ? 
how do they get caffeine out in decaffeinated coffee ? 
can you make your own black garlic ? 
cold chinese bbq pork ? 
do egg whites thin out when salt is added ,  which will make them easier to mix ? 
why do chocolate chips stay softer after being baked ? 
chicken bone broth ,  what is the brown stuff at the bottom of the pot ? 
turning left over broth from a roast into a soup or stew
espresso machine coffee amount
keeping bugs out of rice
is it safe to refreeze a tuna sandwich ? 
when i bake a 2lb loaf ,  the very centre of it lacks structure
how spicy is authentic ,  traditional palak paneer ? 
small turkey for practice
use of ground beef in chinese food
can potato gnocchi dough be overworked or simply break ? 
should hands be washed after touching the outside of an egg shell ?  ( uk ) 
how can i store muscovado for longer once opened ? 
kirby cucumber storage
how can i reheat leftovers without a microwave ? 
my freezer popped open without my knowlege
why is my zucchini bread mushy ? 
jello shots techniques: alcohol concentration
another crockpot error
prepped beef mixed with other ingredients before tomorrow ' s stew
what can i do with vegetable water ? 
how can i bolster up a boxed cake mix ? 
how do i cut and serve my ribs ? 
what heat & fat do you use for fried mushrooms ? 
bubbles in unopened store bought items ? 
will microwaving lemons make them easier or more efficient to juice ? 
how do i reduce the lemon acidity in apple soup ? 
how can i prevent strawberries from discolouring cream ? 
how long can food last if reheated periodically ? 
how to correctly infuse cream into vegetables
difference between tzatziki and indian mint dip  ( mint chutney ?  ) 
should you ,  and how do you ,  grease a crockpot ? 
what is the "standard" salsa tomato ? 
can red wine vinegar replace white wine vinegar ? 
why does apples bought at the market feel sticky ? 
pot sticking to induction cooktop ? 
how can i prevent coconut cream from curdling in a soda drink ? 
bread making - ideal times
low-fat quark plus blended blueberries -- texture changes over night ? 
poured boiling water over pork belly and then refrigerated
standard weight conversions for converting cups of flour to grams of flour ? 
why add sugar at the end when making strawberry preserve ? 
what flavor should you highlight from an oyster ? 
cooking a large pork roast in a slow cooker
alternative to fenugreek in curry ? 
papaya ripe or over ripe
how to store flour
how can i make my carrot cake taste more carroty
is ham safe to eat if it was at room temperature but is recooked ? 
are there cheeses that are not suitable for making for macaroni and cheese ? 
where to keep an opened can of condensed milk safe
how can i clean my oven window ? 
what turned my garlic purple ? 
safe to sear beef tenderloin the night before ? 
forgot brown sugar in cookies
what is the glaze on a bakery-style fruit tart ? 
what ' s the best container to ferment vegetables ? 
is a jug of milk left out for 12 hours at room temperature safe to drink ? 
what ' s an effective method to strain liquids ? 
is wheat gluten  ( wheat protein )  an acceptible cooking substitute for soy protein powder or rice protein powder ? 
cleaning simple mandolin slicer with non removeable blade
new oven in the us ,  which would home cooks prefer ? 
rabbit that looks and tastes like chicken ? 
good video on separating eggs
can you bake cornbread in enameled cast iron ? 
does higher quality bacon cook flatter ? 
trying to adjust a recipe to recreate peruvian "tres puntas" rolls
slow cooking without a slow cooker
how to replace polenta in mexican polenta casserole recipe
does freezing fresh peppers ,  specifically habaero peppers ruin them ? 
identify this dessert
how to make this shawarma hot sauce ? 
brining rack of lamb
how to properly freeze calzones
possible to over-knead dough ? 
any secondary uses for taffy ? 
light vs dark brown sugar
best spices to use on minced quorn in spaghetti sauce and other recipes
food that is high in protein and is not solid for people with wisdom teeth removed ? 
what should i look for in a cookie jar ? 
chocolate mousse with cooked eggs ? 
what is the effect of adding eggs to a pastry dough ? 
my chicken stock is a gelatinous mess .  is this normal ?  can it be saved ? 
how do you tell if a cheese rind is edible ? 
is the white hemolymph that comes out of a lobster  ( when boiling )  edible ? 
emulisified sauces
what difference does the bar pressure makes in espresso coffee machines ? 
can i ferment black garlic intermittently ? 
making stroopwafels with a pizelle iron
effecient way to dab grease from dehydrating meat without paper towels
which leaves of savoy cabbage to use in smoothies ? 
why does green tea taste sour as it cools down ? 
can i convert this cocoa frosting to a coffee frosting instead ? 
how do i squeeze gelatine ? 
can i use raw sugar to make cookies instead of granulated ? 
what is the procedure to dry out fenugreek leaves ? 
do you have to refrigerate pickles ? 
good websites / cookbooks covering more tailored approach to cooking vegetables ? 
help buying a copper pan
how to make movie theatre like popcorn ? 
how do we escape the cycle of bad college eating ? 
cooking duck chinese style
where and how do i keep the extra buttermilk biscuits ? 
graham cracker sheets
a question on the level of water when making tea in an electic kettle ? 
can i use a tagine on a glass cooktop ,  and do i need a heat diffuser ? 
why do whole chicken recipes advise rinsing the chicken ? 
can half cooked pork chops be cooled then fully cooked later ? 
bbq beef brisket on a propane grill ? 
green pepper plants ; picking fruit correctly ? 
is it possible / advisable to slice deboned jamon iberico on a mandoline ? 
buttermilk  /  cream cheese glaze  food safety
is it safe to eat an apple cooked inside poultry ? 
will a pork shoulder be dry after 16 hours at 110c
cast iron pan flaking
difference between vegetable shortening and vegetable ghee ? 
steaming vegetables in microwave
in general ,  can i substitute egg species for either egg-only or egg-centric dishes ? 
substitute pig trotter for powdered gelatine in an aspic
are cooked shrimp shells edible ? 
saucepan in the oven ? 
are vegetables poisonous if they have roots ,  are sprouting or are many weeks old ? 
roasting pork butt at 215f
is there a way to grate a block of cheese entirely without hurting one ' s fingers or knuckles ? 
what makes red tomato sauce turn orange in colour ? 
techniques for mixing bread dough with stand mixer
do chilis ripen "off the vine" ? 
why buy a more expensive kitchen scale
my fudge is crunchy !  where did i go wrong ? 
what can i substitute for gruyre in quiche lorrine ? 
what ' s the best way to tell that pasta is done  ( when boiling )  ? 
how to broil a rack of goat ribs
milk with nettle tea
nitrous oxide gas leak when charging isi whipping cream dispenser
nonalcoholic substitute for marsala wine
chilli con carne - chocolate ,  cocoa powder or nothing ? 
clean fridge shelves which can ' t be removed ? 
can i continue to age store bought cheese ? 
enriching thai curry with milk ? 
making cake without oven
how can i get a corn tortilla to be pliable enough to work with ? 
what white fish can be used in rolled sushi ? 
do you guys know that there is no such thing as an amateur chef ? 
why won ' t my ground beef thaw ? 
any suggestions on caps for bakers and chefs plastic squeeze bottles ? 
how do i cook a cottage pie from chilled ? 
when should i knead with oil and when with flour ? 
a steak story: dry crust
using a jelly bag
does honey actually tenderize meat ? 
kobe beef in the u . s ? 
how do you grill meat and potatoes so that they finish at the same time ? 
equivalent of cracked fennel seed to ground fennel seed
what is the best way to store homemade sauces ? 
can i cool my toffee in the fridge ? 
is it ok to use frozen okra in gumbo ? 
how long can i store cooked turkey in refrig before freezing ? 
how to make creamier and softer vegan coconut ice-cream ? 
can tempered chocolate be seeded with a different chocolate ? 
up scaling cake recipe and increasing pan size
can i use amaranth flour or another grain flour as a substitute for white flour in tortillas ? 
foam in beef stock
how can i make zucchini bread less moist ? 
how to make professional style burger buns ? 
minimalist burger patties
is mixing coffee with milk directly unhealthy ? 
how to tell if avocado has large pit ? 
roasting marshmallows on indoors
what elements in green leafy vegetables provide carbohydrates ? 
why is it that caramel sauce should not be stirred after it has boiled ? 
peanut butter substitute in baking
how long is the life of a shot of espresso ? 
baking without a thermometer ? 
liquid layer above melted chocolate
how to cook sausage ? 
what are the effects of using different types of ground mustard ? 
getting rid of chewy chicken
kosher veal steak more salty than kosher beef steak - is it expected and why ? 
how to preserve home-made salad dressing ,  without using bad preservatives ? 
how to find a good sweet potato fry cutter ? 
can i learn to cook from a book ? 
whats the difference between white and yellow corn meal .  and all cornmeal or half flour half cornmeal
how can i add more "chew" to veggie burgers with only vegetables ? 
what ' s the difference between broccoli from china and broccoli from australia ? 
how is baking bread in a ceramic pan different from using a metal one ? 
looking for a good text on science of grilling and barbecue
will blending corn meal make baking corn dog batter more user friendly ? 
how to safely cook a lamb ' s head ? 
pan-frying marinated meat without making a huge mess ? 
refreeze ground beef
buckwheat flour .  can it be used for pizza dough ,  and what other uses / properties does it have ? 
collapsing souffl
can i take off the gas deflector on my stove for cooking with a wok ? 
duration of use for green smoothies
what is the english name for chitra rajmah ? 
when should i use lemon zest and not just juice ? 
does a strong smell when cooking spinach indicate anything ? 
replacement for appenzeller ? 
what type of methylcellulose would be appropriate for gel noodles ? 
how to suppress bad breath after eating garlic or onion
how to make uncooked onion digestable ? 
how to know whether the default coating on the iron cookware has totally come off ? 
i want to substitute liquid oil with a dry product
keeping crushed ice from melting ,  without it joining back together
how can i tell the difference between instant yeast and active dry yeast ? 
how to fry crispy bananas ? 
looking for a way to make a cone shaped cookie
is it safe to put hot food in the fridge ? 
alternatives to massaging fresh kale ? 
converting a muffin recipe to a cake recipe
how do i choose frozen fish so that it doesn ' t release so much water ? 
using frozen mince beef
what is the best method to coat biscuits in chocolate
pink salt for cooking steak
is this  ' browned butter '  ? 
how do the batter and technique differ between crepes and pancakes ? 
chocolate mousse without eggs
evenly sauteing green beans
how to sweeten pickled ginger to be served with sushi ? 
what nutrients are concentrated in citrus peels  ( not juice )  ? 
why is high fructose corn syrup not available as an ingredient ? 
what is the best way to clean bulk blueberries ? 
help with ice cream cake
what is the shelf life for candy with fresh butter ? 
how long should i reheat frozen lasagna ? 
what is the proper salt to water ratio for turkey brine ? 
fiber drink that are homogenous solutions
can i store raw gnocchi dough in the fridge ? 
how to prevent curdling in a local vegan coffee creamer- aka- post apocalypse hippy coffee creamer ? 
temp and times for roast beef 2 . 3lbs
using whole wheat flour instead of all purpose and semolina
can i cook lentils in a rice cooker ? 
what should i do with a turkey after roasting but hours before dinner ? 
calories in toast vs bread
what should i look for when buying a ramen bowl ? 
should you "rest" a roast ? 
why is my buckwheat soba noodle dough crumbling ? 
proper preparation of veggies for an egg scramble
is it really necessary to wipe the powder off of dried kombu ? 
what caused my blueberry muffins to come out flat ?  
can tough brisket get softer ? 
how can i make granola that clumps ? 
when carefully separating eggs ,  what to do with the chalazae ? 
how can i wash down spicy food ? 
what beans can i use to make refried beans ? 
can i put frozen meat in a slow cooker ? 
how to clean stains from rice cooker element ? 
why did my vinaigrette congeal ? 
how to adjust the ingredients when recipe asks for salted peanuts and unsalted butter while i have the opposite ? 
i wanted to make homemade pickles ,  does it matter what type of salt i use ? 
making a goats cheese tart more substantial
should i throw away sesames with moths ? 
how to keep fresh lemon juice for a week without a change in its taste ? 
why did my mango vodka infusion have a gelatin residue ? 
cloudy white vinegar
recipe generator for randomized meal planning
why exactly is thawing via hot water bad ? 
can you help me identify this appliance / tool ? 
what is the name for a round flaky pastry that has a chocolate cream filling in the middle
extremely tender hospital beef
how to make nutella icing without powdered sugar
how to cook already cut roast beef
problem cooking chicken wings with a bbq marinade
how long does it take botulism spores to germinate in the fridge ? 
steam vs .  bake a sugar pumpkin
using heavy cream vs whole milk
is it necessary to "heal" clay pots ? 
my small chuck roast was dry
what is the preferred method for sanitizing the kitchen ? 
how can i cook with worcestershire sauce in a pan without leaving an impossible to remove char on the pan ? 
"acetone" smell on bread
how does tangzhong  ( water roux )  make bread softer ? 
which cuisines  ( besides hungarian )  have a tradition of serving savory desserts ? 
reheating improperly stored pasta sauce and meatballs
how should i prepare kola nuts for creating a soft drink ? 
why did my roasted pumpkin soup smell foul and seem sour after only 1 / 2 day ? 
forties dinner buffet
is there a way to make beef jerky at home ? 
how do you fillet fresh salmon ? 
can i use the same board for meat and vegetables ? 
does a plain latte have chocolate in it ? 
white bristles on carrots
how long is coffee with creamer added safe in a thermos ? 
method to make corn pasta ? 
how do i control the temperature of burnt sugar ? 
will adding yogurt whey to homemade mayonnaise make it keep longer ? 
what kind of seaweed do i need for japanese-style seaweed salad ? 
is it a good idea to grind dried oregano with a mortar and pestle ? 
why should i use olive oil ? 
lamb rotisserie - whole thing in flames
how long is the cooking time for pork roast ? 
remedy a sourdough which used milled red winter wheat
making malt-free bread
chili pepper size vs heat
how to cook spaetzle  ( german homemade noodles / pasta )  without it ending up soggy ? 
do you have to wash frozen vegetables ? 
cooking slow-roasted pork to 190f ? 
how can i boil an ostrich egg to ensure it is soft boiled ? 
can i substitute vodka for rum in tiramisu ? 
making dumplings without a snug lid
milky fluid inside chicken
can creme fraiche be substituted for heavy cream in a cream sauce ? 
storing fresh peaches for a long time
why ' s my icecream jelly like ? 
how to make caramel sauce for sundaes ? 
what causes stringy winter squash ? 
when making chicken soup ,  should i reuse the vegetables i used to make the broth ? 
should chorizo be peeled before cooking ? 
homemade hot sauce - how long does it last ? 
rice has water inside after being cooked
good  ( cheaper )  alternative to vitamix blender
how can i cook a full chicken with skin on it when my oven is broken ? 
liquefying through long boiling
shelf life question regarding mayonnaise based sauce
does natural {peanut ,  cashew ,  almond} butter require refrigeration ? 
how long does it take to cook ground meat on a skillet ? 
how do i debone fish quickly ? 
what happens to an acorn squash when its skin turns orange ? 
turning raw / baking cocoa powder into instant cocoa  ( kaba / nesquik ) 
40lb . round of opened grana padano cheese
can i use a regular pan instead of a cast iron skillet ? 
can i add cocoa to chocolate to approximate a higher % of cacao ? 
why don ' t dry bread crumbs spoil ,  when bread does ? 
what material / metal is typically used under the layer of coating in  ' ceramic '  frying pans ? 
why are my cheese curds not well-knitted after pressing ? 
how do i cut out the vein / tendon from a chicken breast tendorloin ? 
does a long marinade time matter for chicken ,  shrimp ,  etc ? 
how can i use these new findings on tomatoes to my advantage ? 
what else is being done to make these biscuits
why is the milk used in latte steamed and not boiled ? 
the science of confit
can i use an avocado instead of a banana ? 
how long will a whole turkey keep in a refrigerator ? 
different techniques in making creme brulee
hiding the taste of cornstarch in gluten-free bechamel
how to remove garlic smell from refrigerator / ice maker
why does toast smell and taste different than bread ? 
non-alcoholic substitution for dry white wine in bolognese sauce and other tomato sauces ? 
how do i minimize the risk of bacteria growth in bean sprouts ? 
how do i fix pickles that are too sour ? 
chicken texture after precooking starts to break
how much of the oil will stay in french fries ? 
preventing a burnt burger patty when pan frying
my tomato sauce is very watery
how do you make  ' rabri '  ? 
making bread from pizza dough
does a double walled glass mug really keep the liquid warm ? 
what ' s the fastest way to cook fluffy white jasmine rice ? 
how do you prepare and grill blackened salmon ? 
why didn ' t my 100% whole wheat bread proof ? 
to slow down the fermentation process of a food in a can
the inside of my grill lid is rusting
anise seed vs .  fennel seed with taste as no . 1 factor
how do i recognize whether a gorgonzola has gone bad ? 
is it possible to make a wheat free / gluten free / dairy free apple pie ? 
what determines the  ' saltiness '  of salt ? 
is it generally better to cut chicken breast with or against the grain ? 
how can i get the most flavor out of cashews ? 
why does my victoria sandwich have a hole in the base ? 
caffeine content of cold-brewed coffee: higher or lower than hot-brewed ? 
how can i prevent the top layer of sauces from discolouring ? 
why is my chocolate fudge not that dark ? 
temp and time for using half the recipe of cake
options to prepare tasty spicy snacks without cooking facilities ? 
how can i make very small quantities of balsamic reduction ? 
can you and how do you melt quark cheese into bechamel ? 
how did i explode a saucepan ? 
why do we like dessert ,  but not extremely salty ,  sour ,  umami ,  or bitter foods alone ? 
would pressure cooking stock create a different result ? 
what should i cover bread dough with while it ' s rising ? 
how important is isolating food in a fridge ? 
how long do you let a steak from the fridge come up to temperature ,  and when do you salt it ? 
do sifting and whisking do the exact same thing ? 
are sweet potatoes and yams treated different in terms of cooking ? 
what ' s a good molasses-based glaze for pork tenderloin ? 
is it possible to make vegetarian  ' prawn '  toast ? 
adjusting microwave times
crockpot recipe when converting temperature from low to high ? 
thoroughly cooking stuffing in a turkey
hole inside my one inch steak
at what stage should dark soy sauce be added while making noodles ? 
which mild pepper is a good substitute for serrano pepper ? 
is putting meat in the fridge to marinate necessary ? 
what is bearnaise sauce thickened by ? 
why won ' t my boiled egg whites harden ? 
xmas ham on the bbq
differences between coffee made with french press or espresso machine ? 
a question about browning meat for spaghetti bolognese
how do i select a gin to use in making sloe gin ? 
how do i get my spring rolls crispy ? 
how can i make chinese chicken fingers like in the northeast usa ? 
what would be a good substitute for rice wine ? 
getting cream from evaporated milk
can onion based recipes such as bolognese be cooked in slow cooker ? 
how to create homemade special coffees
why are olives salty ?  how can i get less salty olives ? 
how to best store cocoa powder ? 
is a vacuum strictly necessary for sous-vide cooking ? 
celeriac  ( aka: celery root )  skin - edible or not ? 
properties of a good steak ? 
how to  ' bread '  with corn
how to make sorbet have a snowy texture ? 
how do i make coconut milk at home ? 
cream cheese frosting split .  is it still safe for consumption ? 
how to reduce the masala taste from chicken roast
using canned san marzano tomatoes vs .  regular canned tomatoes
advice for gingerbread houses ? 
how can i use molasses without making a mess ? 
how can i peel pearl onions quickly ? 
i love "mastering the art of french cooking" .  can someone recommend similar books for other cuisines ? 
what precautions should i take when preparing food while i have a cold ? 
how well do those microwave + crisp plates work ? 
how can i keep pasta from sticking to itself ? 
why is bacon crispy ? 
why does the custard in my lemon / lime bars always come out looking terrible and with bad texture ? 
how to make home made corn flakes ? 
how long can you keep bacon  ( from a butcher )  in the refrigerator ? 
how to prepare pie dough in bulk at home ? 
are areas filled with an oily texture common in jamon serrano
why is cooking rice so complicated ? 
is it true about a dull knife being more likely to cut you ? 
making patties from half-cooked ground beef
why does unsweetened tea get colder ,  faster than sweet tea ? 
why are my baozi shrinking ? 
is there a difference between  ' saucisson sec '  and  ' salami '  ? 
how do i make sprouted bread myself ? 
how deep do you need to insert the probe in a piece of meat to guarantee accuracy ? 
does it take more energy to maintain a higher cooking temperature ? 
which fruits and vegetables should be kept in a fridge ,  and which outside ? 
keeping food hot & delicious
when "sorting" lentils ,  what exactly am i looking for ? 
stronger bread ,  how could i achieve that ? 
what are the differences between different types of onions ,  and when do you use them ? 
what can i use instead of annatto ? 
flavor in avocadoes gone forever ? 
how do i get the flaky top on ooey gooey butter bars ? 
are american food colourings weaker than in other countries ? 
mayonnaise split
looking for a tasteless emulsifier ,  or a method to mix oily substances into water
is electricity smell from microwave after metal was put in it mean the microwave is ruined ? 
steak qualities / beef grades in canada ? 
refrigerating clam juice
what common household drink will remove burning from mouth ? 
what is the purpose of making a preferment for yeast doughs ? 
how do i make dried soup mix ? 
how do i convert stove top pressure cooker recipes into electric pressure cooker recipes ? 
how can i take apart almonds ? 
what quantity and resting time should be preferred for active dry yeast when it is supposed to be used in place of quick yeast ? 
vanilla pudding: could someone explain this recipe to me ? 
how much lemons are needed to produce pure 1 kg lemon essential oil ? 
how can i get guar gum to smoothly blend in juice ? 
why is there malted barley flour in all purpose flour ? 
cooked meat diaper: toxic ? 
why put pepper on a dish before cooking ? 
what can we do if we accidentally buy tamarind puree instead of paste ? 
beef broth - what went wrong ? 
when smoking ribs what is the 3-2-1 or the 3-2-2 method refer to ? 
what factors to consider for a long lasting salad ? 
peeling very ripe plantains ? 
are my pots oven-safe ? 
broil pork chops before roasting ? 
is it important to knead biga / poolish ? 
how do you properly defrost frozen fish ? 
why does oil burn when put into a hot pan ? 
why should you scrub / clean cast iron cookware with salt ? 
how do i make my baking powder biscuit dough stick together ? 
oven cook times - thawed vs frozen
should i let stock cool with the bones / veg still in it ? 
are steaks i had in a cooler over the weekend ok to eat ? 
should i read  ingredient weight as prepared or unprepared weight ? 
differences between heavy and light whipping cream ? 
why doesn ' t chocolate go bad ? 
will texture of fish cooked sous vide change ,  when cooking times increase ? 
does the point at which salt is added to a dish affect how the flavor is changed ? 
does glutinous rice contain gluten ? 
what ' s an acceptable substitute for pandan leaves ? 
how do i make the beef in my beef stroganoff more tender ? 
how can i infuse olive oil safely ? 
oil separating from fried onion / spice mixture ,  why does it happen ? 
what can i add when i make a loaf with pancake batter mix ? 
what is the proper word / term / expression to describe a dish that appears to be something different
smoked a brisket that was edible but not great .  what would you do differently ? 
left my cast iron on the hot burner ,  now what ? 
is it possible to make good fried salmon in a stainless steel pan ? 
very old sourdough starter; how long is too long ? 
what ' s is the internal temperature of pancakes ? 
how is canned corned beef made ? 
green tomato soup calls for creme fraiche .  i cannot have creme fraiche .  if i add heavy creme will it be ok ? 
how to take canned beans out of jar ? 
why tandoori chicken does not dry out despite the high heat
what can be used as a substitute for potassium nitrate as a preservative ? 
what is the purpose of a pressure cooker in a rice cooker ? 
if soy milk gets congealed at the bottom ,  is this a sign that it ' s going bad ? 
why does my fry-bread turn out so oily ? 
why would mussels be gritty ? 
what happens if you freeze a soft serve of ice cream ? 
what is the difference between apple juice and cider ? 
why do different pasta shapes taste different ? 
proper way to add marshmallows to brownies ? 
how do you score pork skin ? 
what to consider when learning to make sushi at home ? 
can cooking or processing generate more natural sugars ? 
how long can i keep espresso in the fridge ? 
lard  ( or other fat )  as a subsitute for butter in desserts for someone with a dairy allergy ? 
how do i neutralize melter honey ? 
how can i tone down the heat in hot oriental mustard ,  without making it sweet / significantly altering flavor ? 
any way to make sweet mashed potatoes less stringy ? 
hand made pasta with wholemeal flour
difference between parsley and coriander ( cilantro )  ? 
can someone please give an explanation of different egg preparations ? 
are gem squash edible after the green rind turns yellow / orange ? 
how long can i store a food in the pantry ,  refrigerator ,  or freezer ? 
how long can i keep a dough made with powdered skim milk outside the refrigerator at room temp .  before it goes bad because of bacteria ? 
how long should bread dough warm up after cold fermentation ? 
how to best barbecue calamari / squid ? 
nuke tv dinner and then renuke it 3 hours later ? 
dough sticking to guillotine knife
can an opened pack of dried yeast be stored for later use ? 
what is a good substitute for oyster sauce  ( for someone with a shellfish allergy )  ? 
how long can i cook beef or pork without becoming toxic ? 
is there a use for the rind after making citrus sugar ? 
self-saucing puddingstoring ? 
what is the butter for in a jam recipe ? 
fire side cooking
looking for an italian cheese similar / identical to the french brie
what is a substitute for anaheim peppers ? 
salad ingredients: how to pick them at the market ? 
how long do eggs last outside the refrigerator and out of the shell ? 
should a serious cook own a blowtorch ? 
are all pork in supermarket previously frozen ?  where can i get fresh ones ? 
i have a coarse pepper grinder ,  and it says not to grind over steaming pots ,  why is that ? 
detergent contamination of processed foods
used too much lemon juice in mediterranean salad
can you beat eggs inside their own shell ? 
can i fix my universal meat grinder which leaks when i make cranberry orange relish
can you make thin crispy dosa without urad dal ?  ?  can i use any other lentils in their place ? 
how should i prepare venison hind leg sous vide ? 
once a month cooking
why does strata have to come to room temperature before baking ? 
how to use tzatziki sauce
keeping a sugar solution in the fridge
sous-vide shrimp ,  minimum time and temp for safety ? 
what is this part of the mushroom ?  is it safe to eat ? 
how to cook cubed fish for a fish taco  ( tortilla ) 
how firm a bite should ptitim  ( pearl couscous )  have ? 
cooking on the stove: what is "too hot" for a pan ? 
how should chuck roast be grilled to maximize tenderness ? 
should whole coffee beans be stored at room temperature ,  the fridge or freezer ? 
how much cake batter to make two 6"x2" cakes ? 
getting stains off of a glass top stove
how to make mayonnaise with a cooked yolk ? 
non-alcoholic substitute for brandy ? 
what is the magic time and temperature for stewing meat and vegetables ? 
difference between french bread and japanese bread
has anyone tried to cook spaghetti or other pasta in a skillet ? 
cooking a turkey in an electric roasting pan for the first time
toss pizza dough to shape
how to get crispy vegetables chips / fries without frying ? 
how long is too long to cook chicken ? 
can i re-use rice if it has been used for blind baking ? 
what happens to boiled pasta if you use too little water ? 
how to prepare chickpea pure from a can ? 
what is this plastic handle that is used for corn and watermelon called ? 
painted pony beans pate
udon noodles break too easily
how to cut a cooked chicken ,  including the bones ,  with a cleaver ? 
does oil / butter help rise the dough ? 
why do i need to put sabl dough in the fridge ? 
why is lettuce rarely cooked ? 
my soup tastes tart .  .  .  is it safe to eat ? 
discolouration of sushi rice
what determines whether a sherbet will set or not ? 
the cooking temperature 15 degree is consider as  .  .  .  ? 
trimming ends off snow peas
how to make pie filling which tastes like yogurt icecream ? 
should i freeze a two-day refrigarated meat sauce ? 
how should i incorporate oil into focaccia ? 
coconut rice; should it taste like coconut ? 
how long should i sear meat after thawing from frozen state ? 
how can vanilla essence and vanilla extract be used interchangeably ? 
brick of brown sugar
is an unrefrigerated canned ham safe to eat ? 
cooking times and temperatures for whole fish on the grill ? 
why is freshly-chopped garlic sticky ? 
what is the difference between boiled vegetables and stewed vegetables ? 
how can you change flavors in store-bought frosting ? 
what are the benefits ,  if any ,  of using a pizza stone in a toaster oven ? 
why does fish stick to a pan which is not very hot ? 
storing lamb shanks
how to pick a good mango at a local store ? 
himalayan salt in place of table salt
when you cook spaghetti ,  do you add olive oil to the boiling water ? 
does splitting spaghetti in half change the taste ? 
substituting lime juice for lemon juice in hollandaise / mayonnaise ? 
when making eetch ,  is it necessary to saut the onions and simmer the tomato products ?  are there differences if using quinoa rather than bulghur ? 
unique sweat dish recipe required for golab jambo
pasta preservation
how do i cook beans without having too many that are split ? 
what should i look for in strawberries at the market ? 
how to make double cream 48% for tart filling  ( not for whipping )  ? 
my oven cooks unevenly
dry brining burger patties with onions
how to decide between a french or a german pattern chef ' s knife ? 
shelf life of kim chee
i ate undercooked steak ,  what can happen to me ? 
why did my storebought spaghetti sauce bubble out of the jar ? 
using skim or low-fat milk in recipes
can seasoning be eaten without being cooked ? 
how do i make my goat cheese creamy ? 
can extra virgin olive oil be used for stir frying ,  roasting ,  grilling ? 
what is the dark stuff inside a green bell pepper ? 
what is the difference between chocolate flavor cocoa powder and drinking chocolate ? 
what type of vegetable oil should i use for tempura ? 
dutch oven cooking
is it possible for a potato to catch fire after 10 minutes in the microwave ? 
how can i make a vegan turkey-skin substitute ? 
will freezing a bottle of vermouth change it ' s quality ,  life length or properties ? 
what is spaetzle ?  how is it cooked ? 
references on food safety ? 
making herman the german starter using brown sugar
how do i tell if my cheese culture is still good ? 
even heating: skillet thickness vs .  electric element size
i ' ve seasoned and floured more chicken than i need to fry .  what ' s the best way to store it for cooking at a later date ? 
how can i make my tea stronger ? 
when is it appropriate to serve shrimp with the tail still attached ? 
why does tilapia and swai fish taste like catfish ? 
why is the texture of the pasta in a store-bought pasta salad different to the texture of pasta i ' ve cooked at home ? 
what is the most effective way to extract mint flavor for a mojito ? 
how do i use up my canned tomato paste ? 
cups v .  weighing scales - is there an historical explanation ? 
pros and cons of a brass hip flask
is wagyu beef suitable for amateur cooking
what is a useful search term for the sensation of flavor progression in a spoonful ? 
flies in my bag of bread - bad bread ? 
how much quantity of jaggery can replace 1 table spoon of white sugar ? 
refrigerate cod after cooking
is frozen crabmeat ok to use for crab cakes ? 
amount of salt in bread
what kind of bread crumbs is being used here ?   ( picture and video ) 
what should i look for in a new kitchen knife set ? 
can soured raw milk be used to make yogurt ? 
grape juice left out overnight ,  now has fizz
cooking meat / fish without maillard reaction ( a . k . a .  browning ) 
how to bake a chicken ? 
why did my ceramic coated loaf pan turn brown ? 
what would cause the albumen of a hard boiled egg to turn purple ? 
broiling specifics
cans are all sealed ,  but i forgot to boil the closed jars - should i boil them now ? 
pepper mill - which color and length ? 
doubling a batch of soup
what effect does orange juice have when used in dough ? 
can you separate out the gliadin from gluten ? 
what is a blended sauce ? 
dough whisk as a substitute to a mixer or wooden spoon
what makes a moist steak  ( or roast )  ? 
seeking a creamy / melty swiss cheese commonly available in the us
extreme speed baking
where can i buy rose petals that are safe for human consumption ? 
refreeze sherbet
can i make grain-free noodle / ravioli / dumpling dough ? 
fish from local chip shops smells fishy ,  but not from one shop ? 
off flavor whipped cream from an isi charger
substituting skim milk for whole milk in a caramel recipe
is it okay to put a hot pan on a granite counter ? 
how to keep wild turkey meat moist
using previously frozen salsa
what to eat for people with hay fever or sinus infection
madhur jaffrey recipes - indian / traditional names ? 
what is the best way to make kopi luwak coffee ? 
what features should i look for in a vessel for making indian curd  ( yogurt  /  dahi )  ? 
substitutions for greek yogurt ? 
how to keep thin sponge bases moist
what are the pros and cons of convection microwave ovens ? 
how can i prove ganache is safe at room temperature ? 
pork in the slow cooker
why pour water over the covering plate while cooking okra ? 
how to soft and hard boil eggs in the same pot so they are ready at the same time ? 
what is this type of hot plate and how do i use it ? 
korean rice cakes  ( tteok )  sold unrefrigerated
can i make potato dauphinoise / potato gratin / gratin dauphinoise without cream and just milk ? 
how to drain zucchini and eggplant
how to flavour iced green tea ? 
why is there sugar in a seven-layer salad ? 
how do get the "caramelized juices" from yams
why would a recipe say mix all ingredients ,  then add egg and mix again ? 
what can i substitute for pineapple in punch ? 
how to cook orange lentils in the microwave ? 
washing vegetables with and storing lemon essential oil ? 
kombu in beans -- granules or powder ok ? 
should flour be thrown out past its expiry date ? 
time&temperature vs energy needed for molecules structure ' s changes
how to shell a coconut without breaking the seed ? 
where does the chlorine taste in yogurt come from ? 
how should i prepare bok choy before i cook it ? 
principles of full flavour in dishes
why would hot-packed green beans go bad when still sealed ? 
baking a pie in air grill  /  electrical convection oven ? 
why put a stone in the soup ? 
is it really necessary to properly heat oil in a pan before frying veggies ? 
how to increase the perceived sweetness of homemade lemonade without sweeteners ? 
shelf life of open jarred anchovies and anchovy paste in the fridge ? 
what is the difference between pizza sauce and spaghetti sauce ? 
how to store / what to do with leftovers from ayurvedic ginger & turmeric cold / flu drink ? 
why salt and pepper and not salt and / or pepper
homemade frozen pizza dough
what ' s the closest replacement for clam juice ? 
commercial sponge cake improver ? 
are there dangers to using solid fuel on a propane grill ? 
what happens when you knead bread dough ? 
why would a steam rice cooker suddenly make my dad sick ? 
adapting a large crock pot recipe to a smaller crock pot
bread from the machine always too soft ,  can ' t be buttered
why not use a polypropylene dish with carbonated drinks ? 
as a consumer in the uk ,  how can i choose well marbled beef ? 
what is the modern alternative to sieving soup recipes ? 
should "magic mousse" be grainy ? 
what material is best for a pour over coffee brewer ? 
cooking potato same day you dig up
how do i use tamarind powder ? 
how do i reconnect cake pieces that stuck to pan ? 
is eating rice well after its use-by date a bad idea ? 
what are good resources for baker ' s percentage ranges ? 
is it possible to freeze salad dressing
can i substitute dehydrated veggies for freeze dried in recipes ? 
can spaghetti noodles replace lo mein noodles ? 
what ' s an appropriate shelf-life for refrigerated pre-peeled garlic ? 
is it true that putting spices in something then baking it destroys the spices ? 
cooking chemistry: lemon juice / soymilk buttermilk substitute turning bitter and  ' rising ' 
melting temperature of mozzarella cheese ? 
how do i avoid splatter when frying ginger garlic paste ? 
why did my creme brulee end up with lots of oil ? 
what are the options for sweetening ? 
what international cooking terms sound similar but have different meanings ? 
how to keep graham cracker crust from falling apart
ball canning jars: use them over and over ? 
mixing cooking chocolate with normal chocolate
are there any negative effects to kneading bread dough longer ? 
what is macaroni cooked in milk called ? 
crumble added to muffins before baking
cooking multiple dishes at once in the oven
what herbs would be effective in pizza dough ? 
what side dish goes well with peanut chicken ? 
mixed bread dough shelf life ? 
why do some recipes recommend kosher salt ? 
best way to bottle peri peri sauce ? 
is my citrus sugar still good ? 
how can non-hydrogenated shortening exist ? 
is the pouring method of beer really important ? 
manual grinder / food processor
how fast can one whip cream ? 
is there a term for the differentiating effects on loaves of bread ? 
does the order of preparation steps for soy milk make a difference ? 
coriander substitute ? 
can you make whipped cream with half and half ? 
would baking chocolate with baileys / kalhua cook out the alcohol ? 
why would milk form a dense emulsion when warmed ? 
can chicken be thawed in the sun
what is causing my butter toffee to separate ? 
does dairy  ( e . g .  crme frache )  spoil faster if using the same spoon in older and newer product ? 
why would heating salt in a pan prevent food from sticking ? 
i ' m making tomato sauce which never thickens
chopped tomato-onion-ginger-garlic into paste vs sliced tomato-onion-ginger-garlic when making curry base for indian dish
can one get quality whipped cream by putting only 250 ml  ( 1 cup )  whipping cream into a half litre  ( 1 pint )  no2 whipper ? 
sweet and sour chicken not sticky
can i finish cooking a stuffed pork roast if i turn it off for a while ? 
soaking fruits in fruit juice
does egg make the cookies rise ( puffy )  ? 
challah rolls open up when baking in the oven
deli ham left in warm car
how long can a stacked carrot cake be stored
units conversion : cl to grams
should a sous-vide-cooked meat be frozen then reheated ? 
will lowfat cream cheese keep filling from setting ? 
how to reheat ham pot pie
what is the difference between wildflower honey and acacia honey ? 
do unopened bottles of gin and campari turn bad in extreme heat ? 
how do i rapidly soften cream cheese ? 
roasted duck carcass - what is this dish called ? 
can i freeze chocolate cream frosting  /  ganache ? 
sous vide leg of lamb with bone ? 
how can i get a syrupy "mouth-feel" in sugar-free syrup ? 
how does  ( goya )  sofrito sauce compare to salsa ? 
is granulated sugar  ( american )  the same as caster sugar  ( uk )  ? 
why does adding extra flour help with high altitude baking ? 
what are the requirements for a dish to be kosher ? 
after a few days why does my hot sauce separate leaving liquid in the bottom ? 
is it possible to cook a whole fish in a dishwasher ? 
how to fix a sauce that is too sweet ? 
how to increase the temperature of my double boiler ? 
question on freezing lobster meat
almond flour pancakes
why is my toffee grainy in cracker-toffee "crack" ? 
how to get stable and long lasting high temperatures in charcoal grill ? 
is thick fruit skin safe to be eaten ? 
can i bake a quiche with a flaky crust ? 
does active dry yeast really need proofing ? 
how to thin chocolate for dipping
what type of tea should i use to make thai iced tea ? 
can kefir whey be refrigerated before being used to ferment other foods ? 
frying with induction stovetop
low salt indian food
why do my cakes turn mouldy ? 
are shrimp sizes codified ? 
machine washed my cake pans
what is the best marker for writing on glass ? 
distribution of heat using a silicone oven tray
what ' s the difference between rectangular tea bags and pyramid tea bags ? 
gas or electric for rack oven in a bakery ? 
which is better to saut with ,  stainless steel or teflon ? 
glass baking lid broke - what to substitute ? 
how to avoid the sauce turning bitter when stir-frying clams ? 
bbq pork ribs accidentally started cooking in crock pot on warm for 2 1 / 2 hours before noticed
how can i make sorbet without a recipe ? 
japanese term for when the sushi chef prepares meal for you
substitute quinoa flour to all-purpose flour
can quickbread be prepared in advance ? 
is there an official comprehensive list of e-numbers ? 
how to make chocolate mousse that will set ? 
left my frozen whole chicken in cold water overnight . 
how to make a vegetarian coffee jelly ? 
how can i increase the amount of gravy i can make from one roast ? 
can i store suet or home-rendered tallow at room temperature for a year ? 
tips for remembering recipes
how long can you keep chocolate ,  and what is the best way to store it ? 
how to cook chicken franks ? 
why did my sweet potato hash turn soggy when frying in a non-stick pan ,  and crispy in a cast iron ? 
can chick peas take over two hours to cook ? 
is it normal for potatoes to look like they are  ' shedding '  ? 
what kind of onions for dal ? 
how to crisp breaded foods the next day  ( especially panko ) 
why is my brining giving varied and usually poor results ? 
are there any natural preservatives that can be used in soups or stews ? 
infrared on regular gas grill
what is this fruit tree found in high mountains of north carolina
what are the types and pros / cons of electric and manual spice and nut grinders available ?  what qualities should be looked for while purchasing them ? 
will my pasta taste fine 5 days later ? 
how important is rpm in a blender ? 
why does dark chocolate turn white after being in cold for some time ? 
can a large number of eggs be scrambled in a pot ? 
can hard boiled eggs be reboiled
how to clean cauliflower ? 
are oven bags anything more than disposable dutch ovens ? 
how do i remove my kitchenaid attachment ? 
if i have large calamari tentacles ,  can i achieve the same taste and texture as with small ones ? 
how do you keep chicken breast juicy when grilling ? 
can i make my own powdered gluten
should i buy a mechanical chopper ? 
how long do peanut butter sandwiches last at room temperature ? 
what can be substituted for cocoa nibs ? 
can i add unsweetened cocoa to a store-bought white cake mix to make chocolate cake mix ? 
making flour tortillas softer and more elastic
tempered chocolate spheres in advance ? 
brown sediments when frying meat
heat pot first or is it okay to heat with food ? 
storing knives: wood block or magnetic stripe ? 
how long and at what temperature do the various parts of a chicken need to be cooked ? 
powdered milk in bread recipe
can parkay spray be used in place of melted butter for baking muffins ? 
is it possible to make low-alcohol limoncello ? 
what do green spots on the inside of a butternut squash indicate ? 
using carob as a substitute for cocoa
what caused smooth homemade nutella to become grainy in refrigerator ? 
using avocado oil as a substitute to olive oil
can sour cream be made the same way as yogurt ? 
will colored shredded coconut show up in brownies ? 
backyard mint too grassy
would a fruit cocktail flavoured cake work ? 
how to warm plates before serving ? 
how can i cure and store bacon in a warm climate ? 
why do microwave ovens make bread rubbery ? 
safe to use non-sticky pan with scratches ? 
why do some instructions tell you how long to preheat an oven for ? 
how does harvest time matter with tea ? 
how to ferment dosa batter ? 
are arborvitae branches safe to use as a seasoning ? 
defrosting meat / fish in warm water
can i increase the cocoa content in fudge ? 
is there a bacteria that would eat gluten for cooking ? 
additives to make bread soft and moist ? 
what flavors complement pistachio  ( pudding specifically )  ? 
safety of meat marinade
freezing a meringue ? 
wine sediment clinging to top of bottle ? 
where to get fresh rose petals (  rosa demascena )  that are organic and / or pesticide free
how does black rice cook ? 
cooking down tomatoes
does ceramic non-stick cookware "fail" ,  and if so ,  how ? 
how to adapt brownie recipe to cook well in a mini-muffin tin ? 
why are cinnabons so soft and moist ? 
choosing a flavorless oil with specific qualities
how can i know when a thick simple syrup is done cooking ? 
does boursin cheese always contain garlic ? 
what ' s a good egg substitute in pizza dough ? 
how long is the longest i can slow cook pork shoulder ? 
fry chicken with honey
detailed information about a 1st tooth cake design
edible lollipop sticks for a complicated birthday cake
making hazelnut flour with *just* blanched / peeled hazelnuts
what makes vacuum fried food retain and concentrate the food ' s flavor ? 
decoration food long-term preservation
how to brew tasty tea with hard water
how to make indian chilly chicken
how much salt can i safely add to bread dough ? 
how do i catch drippings on a charcoal grill ? 
why won ' t my sourdough form a shapeable dough that doesn ' t stick ? 
rebrewing cofee
how can i make my ice cream "creamier"
cochinita pibil
what is the chinese celery and cabbage appetizer called and how is it made ? 
can i freeze dough without killing the yeast ? 
how to get the correct expresso extraction amount ,  grind vs tamper
using beet stock
using baking powder versus self rising flours and corn meal
what technique best infuses spices into a dish ? 
is there a standard and accesible "health" authority
how should i store this bbq sauce for later use ? 
cooking chicken breasts in buffalo sauce ,  cast iron
can my syrupy jelly be processed again to make it set ,  or do i need to start over ? 
how long can milk products be frozen before spoiling ? 
how can i adjust oven temperature correctly
why do you marinade steak with onions ? 
what ' s the difference between a cupcake and a muffin ? 
way to fix sharp tasting sauce
a definitive method of dicing an onion
glass dish baking temparature
over-stirring muffin mixtures
pancetta mold .  how to tell whether it ' s safe to eat ? 
is there a brand of salsa i can cook with that doesn ' t contain seeds ? 
how long does tortilla dough keep for ? 
why do hand held can openers stop working so quickly ? 
what ' s the best way to keep sushi fresh for the following day ? 
can over whipped egg whites be used in other ways ? 
can anyone identify this chinese candy ? 
what is the best way to convert recipes to gluten free ,  and how much xanthan gum is needed ? 
are there any differences between preparing / cooking a turkey that was labeled "basted with real butter" vs a regular turkey ? 
is lots of red juice normal when making sous-vide steak ? 
buying chocolate transfer sheet
what kind of food components contain more energy ? 
what is the difference between whole grain mustard and regular yellow mustard ? 
how to make biscuits having flaky texture even after using water in the dough ? 
sushi rice vinegar proportions
what is the difference between shao xing and shao hisng chinese cooking wines ? 
frozen bread dough that has been thawed out in the refrigerator for five days
adding  ' swirls '  to savoury bread dough
coriander in a blueberry ice-cream ? 
how to store cut potatoes for the morning ? 
are there any risks using a non-microwavable plastic plate in the microwave ? 
extra firm tofu past expiration date: safe ,  but for how long ? 
is it bad to cut onions and other vegetables on the same cutting board ? 
what is the best way to store uncooked homemade beef patties ? 
why would a rice seem "non-absorbent" ? 
is raffinose broken down into its component sugars when cooked ? 
ice cream problems
how to achieve more solid consistency when preparing seitan from wheat flour ? 
how do i keep a hot meal fresh for several hours ? 
making pickles - confirming sanitization procedure
how to quickly make refried beans  ( or thereabouts )  using kidney beans ? 
in ingredient lists ,  does "lime" mean the fruit or the chemical ? 
do onion savers differ from other storage methods ? 
how to store parmesan cheese ? 
can i use baking powder to replace cream of tartar
what is club soda and how do i make it ? 
can this tool be used to open cans ? 
how to cook / serve confit de canard ? 
is it dangerous or unhygienic to deshell an egg over the bin ? 
hardened residue after high heat cooking  ( carbon steel and cast iron ) 
use bbq for both searing and slow-roasting beef
to freeze or not to freeze ? 
should i boil beef for burgers before marinating ? 
how do you smoke water ? 
what is the difference between yoghurt and curd
what is the secret of making a really juicy burger ? 
raw meat or prepared food ?  which lasts longer ?  - short term
how to make pizza that has a fat outer rim ? 
why didn ' t my lemon tart set ? 
what are some good reasons for why people make homemade pasta ? 
what meat should be used for bolognese ? 
it is safe to store celery in aluminum foil ? 
my dad used my tea brewer with coffee and now the plastic makes my tea taste like coffee .  bleach ? 
if oil in a frying pan gets displaced ,  say by too much liquid being sweated ,  will the meat be unevenly cooked ? 
what is the advantage to crushed garlic over minced garlic beyond texture ? 
digital recipes storage ? 
what ' s the best way to store lots of kale to use for smoothies ? 
salt  ' n pizza  ( how much salt should be in the dough ) 
will my double crust for a fresh uncooked chicken pot pie get soggy if left in refrigerator overnight ? 
how to make a "french vanilla cappuccino" with a espresso machine
crunchy vs chewy dried apples ? 
does olive oil and balsamic vinegar together need to be refrigerated ? 
getting poppy seeds to stick to bagel
can i preserve fresh potato gnocchi by drying it ? 
baking electric fan oven
can i heat frozen waffles in the oven without a baking sheet ? 
why did my chocolate eclairs fail ? 
how to perfectly separate hemp hearts from hemp seeds
cooking with ornamental cabbage  ( kale )  ? 
what makes the pillsbury canned biscuits puff up ? 
how to cook chicken legs more evenly ? 
non-shellfish shrimp substitutes ? 
how do you cook flavored pasta ? 
why and when does a skin form on heated milk and how can i prevent it ? 
mortar and pestle: granite vs porcelain
what is the difference between baking bread in a loaf pan made of stoneware vs metal vs iron cast ? 
is there a way to stop marshmallows from melting off the stick ? 
why put cinnamon in chili ? 
why isn ' t my steak fat cooking ? 
will using a knife sharpener reduce the lifetime of my knife ? 
what can i use as a replacement for curry powder ? 
tea-flavored concentration from a teabag
why is 180 degrees c so common in recipes ? 
what does watt specify in induction stove
are fresh ,  raw cashews different from store-bought ? 
what is the danger in cross contamination ? 
chicken carne asada marinade
is "instant flour" worth bothering with ? 
oil vs butter in chocolate sponge cake cake
roasting smaller ,  thinly skinned peppers - removing peel  ( experiment results ) 
what considerations should be taken into account when adding any fruit to any cake ? 
can pasteurized milk turn into yogurt by itself ? 
can i grill a whole octopus without pre-steaming or poaching ? 
how to cook roast potatoes at low temperatures ? 
truly long spaghetti
which foods and ingredients are the main sources of fibre in traditional lao cuisine ? 
why did my ginger garlic paste have a bitter aftertaste ? 
what does a fridge do apart from storing and cooling ? 
3:1 ratio of oil:vinegar ,  vinaigrette -- how can i use this in soups ? 
cooking cakes on asbestos mats
fresh vs frozen broccoli for soup ? 
how can i identify quality bacon ? 
storing rehydrated beans
can / do apples and pears ripen ? 
refrigerator drips water inside
does 85% lean ground turkey have the same amount of fat as 85% lean ground beef ? 
is there anything special about "homogenized" shortening ? 
how can i chop onions without crying ? 
how do you get this pie top ? 
what is the "hot" and "cold" category that chinese culture separate their food into ? 
why do my pre-cooked hams always take way longer than they should ? 
how to reduce the heat from peppers in my tomato soup ? 
how to roast mixed vegetables together ? 
my wooden cutting board bent .  is there a way to fix this ? 
how do you get geletin from rendering cow fat ? 
how does red wine butter impact the flavor of dishes ? 
cooking a 5 pound pork sirloin roast
where do you buy your utensils for cooking ? 
is there a formula for converting pancake batter to waffle batter ? 
how to keep cake topper from toppling over
how to remove mould from a wooden spoon
is there a reason for storing ground spices separately  ( unmixed )  ? 
problems drying out chili sauce and in to a powder
prebaking bread ,  which internal temperature would you go for ? 
lavender subsitute for grilled eggplant nicoise
what caused my homemade "nutella" to go bad ? 
how should i store leftover rice noodles ? 
which type of onion causes the least eye irritation
mung beans take 10+ days to sprout
is it safe to use a propane torch bought at a hardware store ? 
how much minced garlic is one clove ? 
is fresh cod with worms safe to eat ? 
seasoning no-stick frying pan
what can i substitute for kaffir lime leaves ? 
uneven brownie baking ? 
how much dry cake mix ,  water ,  oil and eggs to use for two 4in round cakes ? 
making corn bread pudding from corn bread
what does an overnight chill do to cookie dough ,  that a 4 hour chill doesn ' t ? 
can i substitute parchment paper for foil ? 
high protein easy to make lunches
how to clean and maintain cast iron lids
would it be alright to substitute white balsamic vinegar for wine in risotto ? 
how long is it safe to keep sausage ? 
how can i best dry homemade extruded pasta ? 
how to make a mustard sauce for salmon steak ? 
what is the difference between roasting and toasting ? 
why use milk in scrambled eggs ? 
is there any difference between chopped and crushed garlic in cooking ? 
when adding vital wheat gluten to a bread recipe ,  should one reduce the amount of flour equal to it ? 
should beef be cooked before adding to the pot for stroganoff ? 
how to deal with mold on pickle ? 
what does "curd" mean in a south asian recipe ? 
is it necessary to store purchased sealed coffee powder in freezer ?  why ? 
how to make cheeze burst pizza same as domino ' s ? 
how to prepare baby lima beans for this paella recipe ? 
how to make "salt-crust-baked" chicken ? 
can i use a rosettes iron as a branding iron ? 
chicken tikka masala tastes a bit off
chicken sticks to bottom of pan when i boil bones for soup
why did my piece of beef harden on crock pot ? 
difference between instant cocoa and drinking chocolate
what is the function of gelatine
why does my non dairy creamer not dissolve in coffee ? 
at what temperature to bake waffles in a lkuk silicon mold ? 
best way to rehydrate dry black beans so the skins are not hard but beans are soft ? 
difference in cookie texture if we use melted vs softened butter
how would you make a roux efficiently ? 
how can i find flavors that pair well with a given ingredient ? 
what is the purpose of kosher salt in peanut butter ?  can it be replaced with something else ? 
how do i prevent opened canned tuna from going stale ? 
cooking beans with intact skins
what is the best way to infuse garlic flavor in the bland brown rice ? 
why is carrot juice so sweet ? 
furman ' s italian style tomatoes
cooking thawed fish when it says cook from frozen ? 
can i set a creme brulee with agar agar ? 
ingredient identification: hong kong restaurant spicy spice
can i turn a can of red kidney beans into red bean paste for japanese style red bean paste buns ? 
is there a different fruit very similar to oranges ? 
using yellow instead of green zucchini in vegetable soup
how to defrost frozen pizza dough quickly ? 
increasing time on slow cooker recipes
are irradiation food still being sold
can i use tapioca pearls for thickening ? 
can you make latte-art with a panarello wand ? 
eggnog doubling the ingredients ,  what is the new cook time ? 
using pesto as a sauce ingredient
how can i stop my soups sticking to the bottom of the pot ? 
difference between conventional oven with fan assisted and convection with fan assisted ? 
is rare duck breast safe ? 
is it safe to cook pheasant medium ? 
what water should be used in baking bread ? 
how does pineapple tenderize meat ? 
is there a substitute for port wine in a dessert risotto ? 
slow roasting fresh ham
liquid glucose in marshmallows
bread bowls verus loaf of bread
implied cooking temperatures on food packaging
what seasonal vegetable side dishes are appropriate for hungarian goulash ? 
what are the best types of apples to use in charosset ? 
how can i approximate wasabi taste ? 
is aluminum pressure cooker reactive ?  will it give "off" flavors ? 
metal vs paper filter for chemex ? 
why use clarified butter in a bearnaise
can i leave easter side dishes in a closed  ( off )  oven for three hours safely ? 
why does salted codfish turn chewy ? 
can i preserve the shelf-life of a cannoli ? 
how should i store steaks in the freezer ? 
best meat replacements for a vegetarian / vegan ? 
how to make hazelnut roasted coffee
are there culinary applications for carrot tops / greens ? 
marshmallows are wet on the bottom as they set
safety of calphalon pots and pans
i would like to hear any techniques involved in making turducken for thanksgiving
chinese hoppin '  john
why peel tomatoes ? 
reaheating 2 spiral hams at same time
how to make a dry non alcoholic martini with olives classic no frutty tutti stuff
what is each side of a 4-sided grater for ? 
sauce pan vs .  dutch oven vs .  stock pot - any difference besides size ? 
can steaming cans of jams be safely used instead of boiling to sterilise ? 
what is the best way to store chopped vegetables ? 
why throw away so much sourdough starter ?  tartine book no .  3
what is a nutrient for yeast ? 
how can i maximize ginger extraction ? 
is anise a substitute of cumin
where did the thin ,  smooth plastic spatulas go ? 
what is the minimum temperature yeast will be active ? 
what is the science behind magic cake ? 
why does bread with filling separate and how do i prevent it ? 
use of pizza stone in gas oven
how much full cream milk do i need to make 100 gms paneer  ( cottage cheese )  at home ? 
searing after sous viding - what temperature ? 
kimchi in mason jars -- too sealed ? 
sponge that keeps vegetables fresh ? 
homemade pizza left out overnight
can i make microwave frozen ready pizza ? 
will my results differ when using a sourdough starter vs poolish for pizza dough ? 
help with what to bake leftover cake batter in
is it easy to make my own vanilla sugar ? 
what ' s fruit salt ? 
what are the tradeoffs replacing sucrose  /  table sugar with pure granulater dextrose  /  glucose ? 
mushy sushi surimi texture ? 
how can i mill  /  press sweet sorghum with household equipment ? 
what is the use of a convection broiler ? 
liquid nitrogen ice cream in food processor ? 
what is the liquid that forms after chicken goes through the freeze-thaw cycle ,  and how can i extract it more efficiently ? 
what are some of the benefits of electric stoves versus gas stoves ? 
any downside to pre making marinade and then putting it in the fridge ? 
tips for a small kitchen
i made white bread yesterday ,  and it smelled similar to sourdough .  .  . why would this happen ? 
drying fresh produce after washing
how does the usda grading system work ? 
what exactly does carbonated water do ? 
how to remove the rind from citrus sugar ? 
why does rice flour or cornstarch produce crispier crusts than wheat flour ? 
what is the correct mixing method for this kind of batter ? 
when macerating apples to use in a pie ,  what should you do with the liquid ? 
can you make bread with the yeast in beer ? 
how does one find recipes given an ingredient rather than the recipe name ? 
how can i make yogurt at home ? 
how long does the cream in a freshly baked chicken pie last for ? 
how should i convert my victoria sponge to a chocolate sponge ? 
are there similar scales like the scoville scale ? 
what is a bamboo shoot called in hindi ? 
making fully cooked meat  ( pork )  less tough
black rice vinegar for sushi
how to fry big potato pancakes for hungarian pancakes ? 
too much cayenne chilli pepper
hot peppers in olive oil safe ? 
what ' s the crud in the pan with potatoes and oil ? 
alternative to food grade silicone
how to bake frozen chicken without setting off fire alarms ? 
how do i stop my steak from leaking juice ? 
additional time needed for baking two loaves of bread at same time ? 
how do i maximize the shelf life of my homemade hot sauce ? 
cake balls with callebaut chocolate
what causes butter to make risotto shiny ? 
precise cooking time: how to figure it out
right stock color
what to use in pressure fermentation
smoke point and toxicity
what strength of brine will completely inhibit growth of lactobacillus  ( and friends )  ? 
instant espresso powder substitutions ? 
food safety of "scavenged" chicken stock
making medium-hot mexican sauces
how long will live lobsters last in the fridge ? 
how long can you store a mixture of old bread in a no-oxygen-container ? 
exceptional pumpkin variants
can the broth from a low country boil be used for anything else ? 
is it okay to add extra sugar to a specific brioche recipe ? 
polenta instead of breadcrumbs ? 
is spicy chicken by default buffalo chicken ? 
during flamb ,  what is the powder that is shaken into the fire to create sparks ? 
how do i make home-made vietnamese or thai rice noodles ? 
why do you need to refrigerate bread dough overnight ? 
will roasted pistachio nuts keep well in freezer ? 
is this chicken safe ?  silkie chicken edition
dehydrating herbs - leaves vs .  stems
what ' s the secret for chinese fried rice ? 
can i cook two types of dried beans simultaneously ? 
what is this metal utensil tool with wooden handle ? 
preparing / seasoning / using a carbon steel pot
my sourdough starter is bubbling but not rising ,  suggestions ? 
can yeast be used as a main ingredient ? 
could plastic or metal cans damage my oven ? 
toasting bread in a gas oven
how can i keep ice cream without a freezer
is microwaving bad for your food ? 
what consistency should flan have when it is removed from the oven ? 
machine ground wheat flour vs hand ground wheat flour
how much graham baking crumbs do i use for 1 sheet of graham crackers ? 
baked tortilla chips: how to make them quicker and more consistent ? 
nonstick pans blistering after dishwasher ? 
do i need to freeze this puree and syrup ? 
types of vinegars used for salads
does the direction matter in the stretch and fold method ? 
can i refreeze sauce made from frozen tomatoes
baking bread in smaller pans bake time question
how to measure the temperature of a pan ? 
sprouts and "better-to-cut-out-parts" in vegetables
how can i get weak-tasting tomatoes ? 
guidelines for cooking desert truffels ? 
oops left baby back ribs on warm instead of low for 7 hrs
why the pizza is able to "recover" so quickly ? 
using charcoal in kettle grill
why shallots over onions ? 
how to make a homemade phrostie ? 
advice for low temperature cooking
homogenizing whole milk ,  butter ,  and vodka
maximum temperature for thawing meat
how long does shrimp paste last in the fridge ? 
where can i source mexican chilies in the uk ? 
how to get rid of plastic and residual weird taste from food stored in tupperware ? 
are my patially green and budded potatoes safe to eat ? 
how long can i freeze uncooked rice noodles for  (  not dried but in sealed bag  ) 
why does my microwave beep half way through a defrost ? 
gluten free hot cross buns
could all types of filling be used as macaron filling ? 
cast aluminum vs cast iron dutch oven
red spots on the chicken
how to bind chopped pepperoni ,  salami ,  and bacon
cook boneless skinless chicken thigh portions to taste like drumsticks ? 
less sticky rice and lentils
why shouldn ' t i bake on scratched silicone mats ? 
how to make "honeycomb" less sticky ? 
pork sirloin roast
vanilla beans vs extract
made a ginger carrot soup with coconut milk but accidentally made it too salty ,  how do i fix it ? 
i didn ' t put the lid on my slow cooker ( crockpot )  for first hour of beef stew .  will it still be safe to eat ? 
refreezing bacon
improvising self-rising cornmeal
xanthan gum v .  guar gum v .  cellulose gum v .  glucomannan
how to do english breakfast at home
what makes a torpedo roll unique
what is the difference between chicken cubes and ground chicken ? 
how do i season an iron griddle on an induction hob ? 
can i cook a slow cooker recipe on high instead of low ,  but for shorter time ? 
why not put knives in the dishwasher ? 
sauerkraut soaks up too much liquid while fermenting
is using treated wood safe for smoking meat ? 
interesting use for okra as the main ingredient in a dish ? 
converting upright charcoal smoker to electric
sweet potato storage ? 
what does gluten "do" in baking ? 
what is the ratio of curing salt versus table salt in a recipe ? 
tips for making caramel with palm sugar
how do i hand-roll homemade pasta made with egg ? 
making soda with yeast
is there an easy way to tell if a pan / pot is oven-safe ? 
what flavor  ( if any )  do ti leaves impart ?  how about substitutes ? 
how do i prevent smoke problems indoors ? 
what is the difference between a spring roll and an egg roll ? 
how long will homemade salad dressing stay good in the fridge ? 
is it safe to use a tea kettle with black dots on the bottom ? 
looking to bake side dishes ,  having problems with dryness
how to ensure a fried egg ' s yolk doesn ' t break ? 
can you overmix a gluten-free cake ? 
how to stop oatmeal from sticking to the sides of my slow cooker ? 
where can i buy glico curry online in the united states ? 
how to caramelize white sugar without burning it ? 
is it okay for cork to look a bit "moldy" ? 
is pressed tofu what i want ? 
best preservation of parma ham ? 
how can i keep samosa pastry crispy longer ? 
can i weigh without a set of scales ? 
fudge recipes - shelf life
greasing a pan with butter vs .  with shortening
can i boil water to temperature lower than 100 celsius  /  212 fahrenheit to make a tea ? 
how do i cook any recipe with frozen eggplant ? 
effect of adding wet ingredients to dry when making bread ? 
resource for combining flavors
what are the ingredients  ( spices )  of sri lankan curry powder ? 
how to mix the perfect amount of salt ? 
how do you fry chicken ,  so that oil doesn ' t explode on your shirt ? 
what is "pizza crust yeast" ? 
can i do anything to make my gas oven better ? 
what is freezer burn ? 
why don ' t i have to season my cast-iron teapot ? 
refreezing already thawed bread
can you help me get my cream pie filling stiff enough ? 
how are beef cuts labeled in russian ? 
gluten-free replacement to coat something with before roasting ,  to obtain crust
is it safe to use calphalon when the aanondized coating begins to wear ? 
safety of white canned beans
is it safe to add raw eggs to homemade coffee creamer ? 
is smoked beef cooked 100%
what to look for when buying a rice cooker ? 
how can i thicken margaritas ? 
do chillis impregnate a wooden chopping board ? 
does handling a lot of flour cause fingernails to break ? 
transporting partially finished ravioli
how to avoid cinnamon sludge in a beverage ? 
substitute for ground crayfish ? 
why does my colander feel slimy after i use it to drain pasta ? 
can i substitute regular dried lemon peel for sweetened dried lemon peel ? 
choreography of making many yorkshire puddings
how to make my chicken noodle soup thicker ? 
how close to the top should i fill a pie to avoid overflow ? 
can i use pumpkin pure in place of pumpkin pie filling for a souffl ? 
what does "shocking" food do ? 
how should a washed rind cheese be stored in the refrigerator ? 
is there a way to make compressed watermelon without a vacuum machine ? 
i was going to try a recipe for ceviche - are there any fish varieties not recommended ? 
are the white things on a bread normal ? 
why do milk products stay fresh longer when stored in glass ? 
how can i adjust a recipe for different grades / brands / types of gelatin ? 
non-dairy substitute for cheese on baked potatoes
how do blue potatoes differ from yukon gold potatoes ? 
how to have my solar system stick that would be edible
how do i make udon noodles fat ? 
why does cheese sometimes slide off my pizza and how can i prevent it ? 
closest thing to a donut i can drink coffee out of
blown sugar globe with smoke enclosed inside - is it a plausible candy to make ? 
can left boiled milk in the pot whole night ? 
how long is marinated raw chicken breast good for after it ' s been vacuum sealed ? 
is "krapfens" commonly used to designate donuts ? 
is all lactose-free milk sweet ? 
how should block cheese be stored for maximum shelf life ? 
why did butternut squash make my fingers dry and yellow ? 
carbon steel seasoning
can i use gelatine in creme brulee
how do you recover if you lose track of what you ' re measuring ? 
looking for a soy flour substitution
what is the basic technique for making tea with teabags and a mug ? 
is there a measurable difference between fresh and dried minced garlic ? 
how can i avoid windswept muffins in a convection oven ? 
shortening instead of butter
when and why would one infuse flavor into sugar for baking ? 
what is the rate of loss of vitamin c in fresh vegetables ? 
vintage pyrex measuring cup borosilicate vs .  soda lime color difference ? 
why do things smell good while cooking but have little flavour when finished
yellow hot dog relish
how long to cook stuffed turkey
waffle iron with changeable plates for butter galettes
why does salt taste different in different dishes ? 
using eggs in pudding - yolks vs whole eggs
what is the best temperature and method to cook bacon in a grill pan ? 
can i put other vegetables in a manual wheat grass juicer ? 
why cook green plantains ? 
is polyamide food safe ? 
is there a compressed gas device designed specifically for creating infusions ? 
sanitising black chef "whites"
i would like to use my miele steam oven to cook a steak and kidney pudding .  how long should i cook it for ? 
will i never be able to cook anything needing tomatoes in a seasoned cast iron kadhai ? 
which onions to use and how to cook them for an indian curry recipe that specifies "fry until deep pink" ? 
can tomato paste be substituted for tomato pure ? 
oven problems in va
how to clean mushrooms ? 
close the lid of unsealed jar with pop-up lid
what is the ingredient that gives a sichuan  ( szechuan )  hot pot the mouth numbing experience ? 
how do they extract kernels from sunflower seeds in mass production ? 
how do you accompany other veggies with caramelized onions ? 
how to fix ghee which partly turned white and smells rancidly ? 
spoiled garlic ok to use ? 
how long can we preserve yogurt using a refrigerator ? 
what shape is a french omelette and how is it achieved ? 
does using flaked salt make a difference when using it in cooking ? 
how to make a complex novelty cake at home ? 
when should i ditch a pot with teflon ? 
how do i thicken tomato-based pasta sauce without adding starch ? 
cooking beef roast on a spit
basil pesto and cream cheese dip
preserving whole potatoes
how long can i store homemade caramel or butterscotch sauce ? 
how to make banana juice
how to identify a fresh meat ? 
how long can i reuse this delicious bacon grease for cooking ? 
naturally occuring mono- and diglycerides ? 
making "french fries" out of cassava / yuca root
eating mangoes with skin intact
is there a single source for the basics of cooking  ( sauces ,  herbs ,  oil usage ,  etc )  ? 
keeping steaks hot after cooking in a cast-iron pan
problem in cake baking tray
how should i wash the potatoes before baking them ? 
should i not sear and broil eye of round the way that i do filet mignon or chuck tenderloin ? 
should sweet potatoes be peeled when preparing them ? 
sour almonds use
does butter really penetrate a steak when allowing it to rest after cooking ? 
smoking a pig at 225 f vs barbecuing one at 250f ? 
how to stop burning raisins in my fruit scones
any way to soften gummy candy ? 
how do i prepare a pizza stone ? 
quick and easy beef stew and dumplings
what is a good substitute for farro ? 
prevent the grinder basket on cuisinart coffee maker from sticking
are there any differences between "baby" vegetables and their "regular" counterparts
solid honey in dragon ' s beard candy ? 
why do my muffin tops lean ? 
tomato products containing citric acid
what are the tradeoffs between spiral and c-shaped dough hooks ? 
what parasites are problematic in sous vide ? 
is there a safety issue with freezing raw chicken with raw stuffing ? 
how can i use a "cook for 3-4 hours" slow cooker recipe when i ' m away for 8+ hours ? 
can i candy pomegranate ? 
how does lemon juice "cook" meat ? 
chocolate fudge not having harder or sticky consistency
what changes should i make to accomodate vegan naked fatties ? 
can you use wine for cooking even after it ' s past it ' s drinking date ? 
choosing a wine that complements a meal
frying a turkey while snowing
preparing a fresh bag of spinach: to stem or not to stem
what would be a good substitution for powdered milk in cereal cookies ? 
is it safe to cook pork chops that thawed on counter overnight ? 
benefits of vinaigrette vs .  pouring oil and vinegar separately on salad ? 
which spices should be bought whole vs .  ground ? 
adding spices before or after frying ? 
substituting vegetable oil spread for oil in cake mix
how to determine quality of spices
what is the diference between a quinoa burger ,  a quorn burger ,  and a soya burger ? 
how can i pan fry zucchini without making it soggy ? 
should i have more than one dishwashing soap ? 
how can i grow my own yeast  ( sourdough starter )  ? 
how much gluten will set off somebody ' s celiac disease ? 
canning cheese spreads ? 
possible to thicken gravy without flour or cornstarch ? 
are there carcinogens in grilled foods ? 
what bean species are best for baked beans ? 
cooking fruit with or without sugar solution
egg yolks and egg whites
can ' t get the right thickness of sugar and cornflour
how long would fruit in a water bottle last ? 
why and what kind of breads should be scored ? 
how do i season my new pizza stone ? 
can mashed bananas be bagged and then frozen ? 
cooking a chicken and peppers in a crockpot instead of sauteeing ,  how much water should i add ? 
substitute for dijon mustard
do you use paper or cloth towel for patting a meat dry before frying ? 
what is "less sodium soy sauce" ? 
how do i prevent tomato making quiche soggy
cast iron pan has black residue on it
preparation techniques for tilapia filets
can i re-use canning jars with botulism
what can i substitute for eggs in a pancake recipe ? 
how to offset sweetness in a sauce ? 
pimientos de padron equivalent
can a spice grinder be used for coffee permanently ? 
can mushrooms be re-heated safely ? 
slowing motor and electric smoke coming from magic bullet blender ? 
where can i buy corn kernel for making popcorn ? 
how to make pizza not stick on ceramic stone ? 
the yeast wont rise in my bread machine
mushroom replacement in beef wellington
how to cook lo mein ? 
salad dressing- does it go bad fast if it is creamed in a blender ? 
what to call this utensil
lime substitute for nixtamalizing corn
how does gumbo spoil while still cooking ? 
why does chinese food reheats better on stove than in microwave ? 
whats a good alternative to rice wine vinegar ? 
what kinds of apples are suited to be filled with cranberries and baked ? 
easy oven cleaning - no products
what ' s the size of the plastic cup that came with my rice cooker ? 
what is unique about veal and how can i take advantage of this in my preparation ? 
what makes pink salt pink ? 
what is the proper usage of a pie bird ? 
type of wok and how to go about seasoning it
looking for chicken & dumplings pointers
why does fresh coriander deteriorate so quickly ? 
do some breeds of chicken have particularly red meat when cooked ? 
can i always use butter instead of margarine when baking ? 
i ' ve made a bechamel sauce and added sherry to it ,  but too much: how can i fix it ? 
how can i strip the surface from an iron alloy pan without harming the metal ? 
substituting vegetable oil for canola oil
grate positioning for charcoal grill ? 
why do brownies made from commercial mixes form a flaky top ? 
what can i do with ginger syrup ? 
how to make flavoured salt for potato chips
how can tuna / bonito be tested for histamine ? 
what is the shelf life of gelatin sheets ? 
meringue seems to fail at piping stage
what is the temperature range for food not to burn your mouth ? 
non-dairy ice cream
in baking ,  can yoghurt replace butter ? 
how to use gelatin on fruit pie ? 
how do i get vegetarian tamales to come out fluffy ? 
what can i do to fix / improve a dry cake ? 
can you freeze waffle batter ? 
if a recipe calls for pectin nh can i use other pectin ? 
why didn ' t my beer cake cook properly ? 
how to determine that a particular product is organic ? 
what is the origin of fish sauce in asia ? 
is there any loss of nutrition when toasted ? 
what are the main differences between sugarcane jaggery ,  rapadura ,  and panela ? 
can i change the flour type of my sourdough starter ? 
when using fresh corn in place of canned or frozed ,  should i cook the corn first ? 
will milk produce more curds if you add additional protein and fat content ? 
my split pea soup is bland
do all varieties of cocoa naturally taste bitter ? 
arm roast after 5 hours still tough
what is the best way to add greens to an omelette ? 
precise temperature reading on induction cooker
what precautions should be taken while dropping cold vegetables in a hot teflon cookware ? 
is horse meat safe to eat ? 
is it wise to use vinegar to handle rust for cooking utensils ? 
is my sourdough starter "bad" ? 
making a sausage and letting it dry out in the fridge
turkish coffee necessities
couldn ' t make pesto in a blender
what is what i ' m doing called ? 
how long can i keep eggs in the refrigerator ? 
why should the madeleine tins start off cold ? 
ideal pressure cooker size for cooking a pound  ( 454g )  of beans
spray oil with hydrocarbon propellants on non-stick pan surfaces
what is the liquid often ladled onto the grill top in restaurants ? 
how close are store bought broths and stocks to the real thing ? 
what to do about beetle infestation of wheat products ?  how do we prevent reinfestation ? 
what alternatives are there to tomato based pizza sauces ? 
how to pick good clementines and mandarins at the supermarket ? 
how can i cheaply cook a bratwurst that is similar to a grilled brat with only access to an oven or stovetop ? 
how can i control the heat when cooking on a campfire ?  
beets too big for quality ? 
using a wooden spoon to prevent pots from boiling over ? 
alcohol evaporation
buying my first set of pots and pans
how do you coat perfectly round truffles with melted chocolate ? 
gas range hack for greater power output: does it work ? 
looking for a blue ingredient
how to replicate cerelac at home ? 
what is the difference between grills ,  barbecues ,  broiling e . t . c .  ? 
cure #1 in brine for brisket
how can i remove the greasiness from my ice cream ? 
honey in porridge
can i use "spent" lemons  ( juiced )  to preserve ? 
what to do with dehydrated potatoes tainted black ? 
meat and poultry changing color in marinade ? 
how to reduce the time and cost for making a cheesecake ? 
can cheese be sculpted ? 
why does the beef in goulash need to be floured and brown before cooking ? 
best heat source for fondue ?  will an induction cooktop work ? 
why is some frozen breaded chicken pre-fried ? 
how can you tell when a roast is done ? 
butter storage lifetime
how to do hot spiced apple cider without apple cider ? 
poppy seeds with bitter aftertaste from boiling
how do i make a foam ? 
restaurant kitchen supplies that are also really useful in a home kitchen ? 
advantages of using a non-glass teapot ? 
what is used in the production of dubu  ( korean tofu )  ? 
can clarified butter be used for beurre noir ? 
can you prepare eggplant by salting ,  then baking ,  then finally rinsing ? 
how to separate two jammed-together measuring cups ? 
rubber like skin on surface of chocolate mousse
how should i clean this mess at the bottom of my wok ? 
homemade double / heavy cream separates after setting in the fridge
baking camembert with crust in a larger pan ? 
can you freeze avocado in a dish ? 
brown coconut water safety issue ? 
how do chinese restaurants tenderize their meat ? 
crisping chicken skin after braising
best dairy-free yogurt for meat marinade  ( biriyani ) 
is it necessary to cook porridge  ( oatmeal )  ? 
how to pack items that may leak liquids for lunch ? 
does the fatty acids in olive oil convert into trans fatty acids when heated ? 
how to increase spiciness without abusing hot spices ? 
why do you need to fry onions and garlic before adding other ingredients to a dish ? 
why are my canning lids popped out ? 
cooking potatoes
nitrogen factor role in calorie calculation
making yogurt i put the yogurt in before heating the milk
what do you get when you reheat and cool clotted cream ? 
butter melted then soften
difference between old fashioned and quick oats ? 
flexible food grade plastics that won ' t melt at 105 c
stainless nonstick ,  not vs ,  but both ?  what ' s the point ? 
cheaper alternative to parmesan cheese ? 
dealing with curved ribs in a flat rib recipe
smoking time for 6 racks  ( 18 lbs )  of baby back ribs ? 
is there a super close substitute for graham crackers ? 
does dried milk powder retard yeast growth in bread making
do vegans eat honey ? 
how can you speed up a genoise cake mixing ? 
masking the grass flavor of green tea
will steaming fish cause salt to come out or cause fish to fry in its own fat ? 
how to extend the freshness of salsa ? 
what kinds of frostings have a lighter texture ? 
mysterious bitter taste from tropical fruits and coconut
canadian meat / fat "candy"
half-life of caffeine molecules
how do i pick a watermelon at the supermarket ? 
is dry rub necessary in making bbq ribs ? 
properties of a good paella pan
can you premake mojitos ? 
is golden syrup gluten-free ? 
are msg and accent  ( seasoning )  the same thing ? 
how to reduce the bitter taste in broccoli rabe
cookie dough crust
what would cause maple syrup bottles to bulge ? 
how do i achieve a light and even  ' dusting '  of paprika ? 
how do i cook scallops ? 
how can i prevent cross-contamination when applying a dry or wet rub to meat ? 
how to eat coconut oil ?  more details inside ! 
keeping meat safe all day ? 
milk vs .  home-made kefir
coffee flavored melted chocolate for drizzling over cookies ? 
what ' s best: boil eggs in advance or just before use ? 
how to stuff bread puffs  ( gougeres ) 
what non-alcoholic liquid can i use to store ginger ,  both cooked and raw ? 
can i use garlic leaf for cooking ? 
suggestions for storing homemade frozen custard
can i transfer opened vacuum pack chicken to the freezer ? 
how to cook for a big group
what does it mean to  ' salt '  a steak prior to frying ? 
what ' s the difference between green ,  white ,  and red onions ? 
does cooking one month expired canned goods render it edible ? 
difference between glucose syrup and sugar syrup ? 
is there such thing as white wheat berries ? 
is it safe to keep dried out egg noodles ? 
unambiguously referring to "spiciness"
meyer curd without added sugar ? 
can i substitute duck breast for leg ? 
how can i clean these brown iron stains in my pot ? 
how could i make stuffed french fries ? 
what is the best way to catch wild yeast for sourdough ? 
what organic grains can i substitute for self-rising  ( gold medal )  flour ? 
is kimchi a suitable addition to a noodle soup ? 
baking cupcakes in a commercial sized pan ? 
brined cheese behaves almost as if carbonated
is my microwave still safe to use after accidentally heating metal in it ? 
why prevent apples from turning brown ? 
why does this sunflower butter exude green liquid ? 
can i use rhubarb without tons of sugar ? 
can i use flour to make a carrot soup more thick ? 
simple syrup end result
what are the benefits of making butter at home ? 
cooking a whole 30lb sturgeon on a spit
cooking sweet potatos in the microwave
what is the correct water to pasta ratio ? 
what are the advantages and disadvantages to using a griddle instead of a cast-iron skillet ? 
does cooking a meat that ' s about to expire lengthen how long it ' s "good" for ? 
how to make a good homemade croquette
what strategy can i use to identify a cookbook with a torn off cover ? 
how long do meatballs in sauce need to be heated in a crock pot ? 
making spice pastes with a food processor
what baked good involves crushed digestives ,  peanut butter ,  and marbled chocolate ? 
how much co2 does it take to carbonate water using a household soda siphon ? 
what is the way to make a powder of red chilies ? 
pasticcio vs lasagna
where can i obtain cream without additives ? 
is it acceptable to reheat frozen food ? 
does bacon need to be fried until crisp ? 
how do you clean or gut fish
what is coriander root and where can you get it ? 
why does room temperature coffee taste so bad ,  even to asnomics ? 
troubleshooting a soggy baklava with torn sheets
is copper cookware really better than stainless steel ? 
is it safe to eat chicken that is still frozen ? 
does washing vegetables and fruit with baking soda make sense ? 
how do i make a fried egg with completely cooked white but completely runny yolk ? 
amount of food to prepare for bagel & lox brunch
why did my oil-only seitan fail ? 
what ' s the best way to store asparagus ? 
weird problem with curry sauce
storage of uncooked french fries
what is the shelf life of opened cheeses ? 
when a recipe says ,   ' simmer uncovered '  ,  what ' s the issue ? 
what is the difference between cake flour and ap flour ? 
how do i effectively rub spices into fish ? 
will my baked potatoes be ok cooked longer at a low temp ? 
what is the correct conversion of dried whole vs .  ground fennel ? 
why does whole leaf tea leave a residue in the cup ? 
substituting glucose syrup for glucose
does honey have a bitter component ? 
how to plan the portion size for a vegetarian bourguignonne dish ? 
what ' s the difference between orange extract and orange blossom water ? 
can i mince garlic in advance ? 
marinades: water vs oil
what is the relation between mixing the dough and the final result ? 
lighter texture for chocolate pie
oil / fat substitutes in bread
refreezing apple pie
black / purple ingredient in stir fry ? 
how to cook grass-fed ,  high-fat hamburger on electric stove ? 
do foil packets on a charcoal grill get any flavor from the smoke ? 
what is a halogen burner or  (  ?  )  cooktop ?  how does it work ? 
what ' s the secret to getting restaurant-quality frozen drinks at home ? 
i need help making brownies
botulinum toxin in home-canned green beans
why did this fondue become grainy and lumpy ? 
"dry" foods from slow cooker
garlic powder and onion powder substitutes
how would you use a single lemon ? 
make espresso in office kitchen- just have a kettle and microwave ? 
how to keep a green smoothie from getting  ' frothy '  ? 
why is my fresh tofu fa  ( douhua )  sour ? 
can i use the leftover pickling brine ? 
how to dry out rehydrated dried mangos ? 
make chocolate with a high melting point ? 
slimy inside of green onions
cake flavour options
what type of fish is best suited for baking ? 
why stuff a roast chicken with lemon ,  onion ,  and thyme ? 
why do my macarons come out looking weird ? 
diagrammatic notations for recipes
what features should i look for in a hand grinder  ( for peanut butter )  ? 
shelf life and preservation of bnh chng
is it safe to drink the water that basil seeds are soaked in ? 
parmesan crusted steak - replace olive oil with honey
why did my idli looked cooked from outside but was still mushy inside ? 
substituting tomatillos
freeze before sous vide or sous vide ,  defrost then sous vide
how often should i clean my coffeepot ,  and what is the preferred method ? 
can i safely clean / eat harvested foods that have aphids on them ? 
tips for cooking something "bacon wrapped" ? 
do vegetables ripen like fruit ? 
can you recommend a good shop to get spices from in derby ? 
brewing coffee concentrate using both hot and cold methods - freezing concentrate
green rhubarb safe and tasty for use like red ? 
how can i make my cheese sauce creamier ? 
how to store bagels ? 
how is white pizza sauce made ? 
why boil adzuki beans for anko twice ? 
cooking schnitzel without thinning it
how do i render large quantities of fat ? 
adding  ' netvet; to sausages
quail dries out when cooked
does the choice of peppers affect the  ' flavor of the heat '  ? 
heavy smoke taste
when is it best to do stretch and fold versus mechanical kneading ? 
a substitute for carrageenan ? 
is it safe to use unwashed barbeque grill utensils ? 
what is the difference between a sfogliatelle and a lobster tail  ( pastry ) 
how to stew chicken properly
how can i tell if the tea has been stored properly ,  is not too stale or oxidized ? 
why does my steak turn out well done when the temperature probe says it ' s only rare ? 
cannot find very simple egg scrambler
definition for light ,  medium and heavy flour ? 
why do some quinoa seeds sink and some float ? 
can you substitute blood for the eggs in an ice cream base ? 
why baking powder in rotis ? 
what is flavor development ? 
can you refreeze pork after power outage
how to avoid cooked pasta soaking up sauce when stored ? 
what tea leaves are used in kashmiri pink tea
fire under electric stovetop element
how to prepare smaller amount of coffee than nominal in moka pot
are fungal toxins a significant problem in coffee ,  and if so ,  can they be avoided ? 
why are wire beaters becoming more common in hand mixers ? 
can i prevent honey from congealing / hardening in the pantry ? 
should a pound cake be stored in the fridge or the freezer ? 
how can i prevent pear juice from soaking into pastry dough ? 
what are the ranges of pork temperature that are flavorful and safe ? 
making sourdough starter with bread flour
need help choosing burner for wok
shatter resistant tea carafe / pitcher / pot
making a sauce with mascarpone cheese
is it a problem that the same flipper that touched raw blood touches the finished meat ? 
thickening alfredo sauce
why do some countries prefer uht milk and cream ? 
replacing cream and butter in a carrot casserole / pie
how long does cheese last out of the refrigerator
why let dough rise twice ? 
why are eggs not stored in the fridge better in baking ? 
what is the difference between pectin and pectin nh ? 
does the material of the container affect the flavor of the prepared tea ?  if yes ,  what material should be preferred to get the best results ? 
egg yolks vs whole eggs
how to upscale fried onion recipes for commercial production
how do i make black rice turn out better in a rice cooker ? 
freeze friendly baked side dishes
why does my ice cream leave a waxy texture on the roof of my mouth ? 
why is my yeast so slow ? 
does the foam head affect the taste of cola ? 
american cheese availability and utility
how can i improve sealing of bags for sous vide ? 
fabric to be used for cheesecloth
replacement for pop rocks ? 
homemade flour tortillas without cast iron
canning with quart jars
how can i use white pepper without having the odor dominate the food flavour ? 
are there any vegetarian-friendly egg substitutes that can be used in cakes ? 
why is my sushi rice too sticky ? 
what is the best way to reheat leftover grilled fish ? 
how do i make good chimichurri ? 
thawed shrimp floating vs .  sinking
should you wrap chicken in foil when you steam it ? 
how to get the pits out of clingstone peaches for peach butter
cooking frozen pizza in the microwave
prevent syneresis effect in agar-agar fruit jam
culinary uses for hops
can coconut cream be made from coconut flour ? 
why do some recipes recommend a short rest after mixing but before kneading the bread ? 
beer batter - let it rest before using or use immediately ? 
do cooled-down / chilled toasted black sesame seeds taste nearly raw again ? 
good site for nutritional info
would annatto mixed with oleoresin paprika cause an allergic reaction ? 
how to make pizza crust thin and elastic at the same time ? 
what exactly is a chowder ? 
can an old rosette iron that ' s starting to stick be reconditioned ? 
optimal shape to cut apples for apple pie
stop pizza toppings sliding off sauce
foods other than onions that can be caramelized for a delicious result
what would cause heartburn in marinara sauce ? 
perfect hollandaise every time using a blender / food processor ? 
why did my steak marinade not make a difference ? 
can i use a 4 quart crock pot instead of a 6 quart ? 
why does whip cream dispenser sometimes produce "ragged" cream ? 
is a broccoli that already turned yellow anyhow harmful ? 
is it safe to reheat food in plastic containers ? 
whole tenderloin temperature concerns
how to stop steel cut oats from burning ? 
how to decide how much to dilute extremely hot chillis
navigating the different types of cookware - new kitchen advice
is there a way to revive an old potato ? 
what emulsifier will help my  ( nearly carb free )  milk chocolate ? 
in how much water do i need to put ramekins when cooking au bain marie in the oven ? 
canning in a pressure cooker
melted biscuits
what is meant by "neutral" oils ? 
how to get powerful flavours when spherifying
how do i extract coconut milk from coconut meat ? 
should i add salt when boiling vegetable ?  why ? 
milk vs .  dark vs .  semi-sweet vs .  bitter-sweet chocolate ? 
how to bake cookies without a convection oven ? 
how do you cook quinoa ? 
tiny quantity of egg in a cookie
can excess oil make french fries soggy ? 
capsaicin - how sourced and what ' s in it
can you refreeze chicken after it has been cooked from frozen
aprons for the home chef
preparing  /  pre-cooking hash browns  /  home fries
troubleshooting my bavarian creme
why do purple snap beans turn green when cooked ? 
to thin chocolate candy coating ,  how much oil to use ? 
what is the purpose of using ice cubes in smoothies over frozen fruit ? 
baking two loaves at one time  ( from artisan breads book ) - need to change amt of water added ? 
how do i avoid chunks of butter in non-homogenized milk ? 
advantages to "burning off" grill
is it safe to roast marshmallows over a sterno flame ? 
are there any techniques to "cheat" at cooking a risotto ? 
can bright green avocados be ripe ? 
how to prevent the silver utensils from tarnishing ? 
cleaning burnt-on grease with ammonia
how do i boil down a gravy ? 
baked stuffing and cooking the turkey
pan makes knocking noises
what is the name for a dish similar to chili but with no chili peppers or related spices and some very non-chili ingredients ? 
tvp - textured vegetable protein
pizza crust too hard in home oven ,  how to make it softer ? 
how to change the texture of pudding ? 
how can i make an berfood ? 
how can i clean my stainless steel teapot ? 
how long do i cook chicken leg quarters
where can i buy susceptor film ? 
how much alcohol remains in strawberries soaked in alcohol ? 
what are the signs of a watermelon past its best ? 
how do i store apples in an apartment ? 
sous vide meat without seasoning - strong flavor
how to look after non-stick cookware so it lasts ? 
kitchen towel vs dough seal in a dum biryani
does the vegetable crisper make a difference ? 
breakfast burritos from 16 egg casserole ,  how to cook everything uniformly ? 
do all blenders have the problem of food sticking to the side away from the spinning blades ? 
is leaving a teflon rice cooker on overnight dangerous ? 
can jam be reheated ? 
chicken and beef stored in the freezer not entirely frozen - safe ? 
using cast iron pans only
roasting large leg of wild boar
how can i make homemade tofu more flavorful ? 
is heated up bleach dangerous ? 
what did i do to make the chocolate bloom like this ? 
french-press coffee has a powdery taste
i have a recipe that calls for a cubanelle pepper ,  but my dad can ' t eat peppers . 
how to best prepare sukimono
spices and baking
whole wheat breads dough conditioner
could i add butter to single cream to make whipped / double cream ? 
how to sprout quinoa  ( and other grains )  safely
frozen ground beef
what meats can i serve medium rare and why ? 
how can i make the best use of chocolate peppers ? 
can i substitute store-bought puff pastry dough for phyllo in pumpkin pastry ? 
can i use aluminum foil as a substitute for parchment paper ? 
why do eggs have expiry dates ? 
how to make cornbread less crumbly ? 
how to add more toppings to frozen pizza ? 
does ginger infused honey or vodka ever go bad food-safety-wise ? 
what is the difference between tomato puree ,  paste and sauce ? 
how does the taste of bird eye chillies differ at different stages of maturity  ( green vs red )  ? 
do raisins become stale
what is sour cream called in hindi ? 
how to cook baby octopus ? 
how to get good barley texture
how do i mimic trader joe ' s  ( dark )  chocolate covered espresso beans ? 
homemade nori -> aonori ? 
substituting chicken broth in split pea soup
good programmable coffee urn solution
speeding up avocado ripening
why does a portafilter machine take so long to warm up and a modern machine doesn ' t ? 
making jerkies less salty
if you put a dead animal in the freezer ,  wrapped in a plastice bag ,  lay the dead animal on top of the other
what ' s the correct temperature to prepare confit cod ? 
what differences are there between chia and flax eggs ? 
what do 5 star restaurants do differently when cooking steak ? 
why do some pavlova recipes have cream of tarter to be added
make bacon less salty
skimming foam from stock without removing floating spices
how to fry eggplant with less oil ? 
flavour matching with espresso in baking
how to customize the softness of custards like flan ? 
mandarin and orange pips
jam scum after sealing
did extra insulation cause ice crystals in frozen mac & cheese ? 
peking duck - why do they take my duck away ? 
can i carve up a suckling pig like you would an adult pig ? 
why does my cake have to be inverted ?  why a 2-layer appearance ? 
how could buffalo chicken dip be stabilized ? 
does all pizza have butter ? 
saw this at my local chinese grocery
other things made from banana nut bread
is there such a thing as "sweet" carrots ? 
airy bread rolls done in bread machine
what is the appropriate lentil-to-water ratio for stovetop lentils ? 
how to caramelise onions ? 
how to prevent fat splashes when i fry a burger ? 
can i substitute canola or safflower oil for vegetable oil when making granola ? 
frozen onions in root cellar
creme brulee did not set ,  can i fix ? 
making real soured milk - what sort of lactobacillus culture to get ? 
how long is too long to cook meatballs in sauce ? 
how to deal with a fresh hare ? 
umbrella term for the  ' ingredients '  and  ' utensils '  of a recipe ? 
what happens if you cook chocolate pudding too long on a double boiler ? 
old oil on cast iron dutch oven
oil temp goes up when turkey breast is added - why ? 
can i add vanilla to pastry cream after its cooled ? 
why should i roll the meat in flour for a ragout
can i use diluted lemon juice in place of rice wine vinegar
are there any substitutes for shortening ? 
getting seasoning into a roast
how can you make pancakes more healthy  ( without making them taste bad )  ? 
how to make caramel sauce that doesn ' t taste bitter ? 
how do i roast a whole duck so that fat drips out easily and the skin gets crispy ? 
spice combination ( s )  excluding salt ,  oil / butter ,  sugar ,  msg ,  vinegar ,  onion / garlic / alliums ? 
does whiskey go bad by freezing ? 
preparing spaghetti without boiling water
keeping crawfish alive overnight ? 
can home-made mozzarella be made in small batches  ( quart of milk instead of gallon )  ? 
what do you use to measure the weight of ingredient ? 
frozen meat and pork kept in freezer for 4 years never opened
the orange in crispy orange beef
edible straws that look like plastic ones
how can i cut a tomato without a knife ? 
how can i keep a cheesecake from cracking ? 
how to bake burger buns so that they expand horizontally instead of expanding vertically ? 
where can i find a quality comparison for zwilling knives ? 
how to make mozzarella from curd ? 
stewing tomatoes for a pure ( sauce ) 
why does the roux separate from my gumbo ? 
egg wash with no yolks or reduced yolks
how to dry / preserve whole oranges
how does one tell if a jalapeno is spicy ? 
yogurt-based sourdough smells like alcohol
uses for radish and turnip greens ? 
can i use microwave turntable glass plate in convection mode ? 
what can i do with dried chipotle chillies ? 
a strange problem with bwt initium 2 . 5 l filter ' s scale
yeastless bread help ! 
can i layer lemon curd and lemon mousse ? 
how to bone lamb breast
why do so many cheeses have artificial ingredients ? 
minced beef or lamb clumping - how to stop it
how to increase oven spring ? 
can you freeze mirepoix ? 
can you put whole eggs in a blender ? 
how to prevent food colouring changing the taste of food ? 
using a french press with finely ground coffee
can escallion be replaced by onion ? 
making simple light cake with yeast
how long does cooked pasta last in the fridge ? 
how to thicken a raw fruit relish ? 
grams of fat on nutrition facts label don ' t add up
what is this ceramic container ? 
what is a economic way to store / buy ingredient for salad
emulsifying ingredients for vinaigrettes
can alcohol bottles  ( especially liquor )  be stored on their side ? 
boneless frozen lamb roast
how to make a small diy bain marie ? 
what is the proper way to make a cup of mate ? 
how long in fridge for sushi steaks ? 
automatic dicer
can couverture chocolate be substituted with other ingredients ? 
is mustard oil safe for consumption ? 
what ' s the best way to season a cast iron skillet ? 
transporting roast beef
name of a greek spice that sounds like "bakari"
why are berries so expensive ? 
why do some pies call for two crusts ,  and some do not ? 
how do i clean a pot after boiling eggs ? 
stove top griddles
how long will double cream stay whipped ? 
is plastic saying "dishwasher safe" safe on both shelfs or only on the top shelf ? 
what is the best way to clean an electric fryer ? 
help wanted to identify this food item  ( oriental ) 
can i use cheddar cheese for pizza ? 
could i substitute peanut butter in place of butter or crisco for cookies ? 
beef breakfast sausage
carbonated beverage in pressure cooker
scary moments - what temperature for broiling ? 
in what way is kosher chicken different from brined chicken in terms of salt absorbtion ? 
crisp skin of meat in the beginning or end of roasting and meat in aluminum foil
first time canning .  .  .  . forgot to sterilize my jar .  advice please ! 
where can i find left-handed serrated knives ? 
should i taste-test food before serving it ? 
what precautions should be taken while cooking a thin steak ? 
can frozen peaches be made into jam or other things ? 
baking naan without an oven ? 
is there a website on how to store specific foods ? 
how can i make whole wheat bread and biscuits with out the bitter taste ? 
help !  liege waffle excessively dense
how can i make parmesan spreadable ? 
how do you cook margarine with brown sugar without separating ? 
can i make a hot mayonnaise ? 
why is there no sweet  ( as in  ' with sugar '  )  butter ? 
how long can you freeze raw chicken before it seriously affects its taste ? 
can i make invert syrup in situ when making candy ? 
sourdough starter developing alcohol
pre-mixing liquor -- any downsides ? 
how can i thicken tea ? 
making white vinegar ,  question about rice wine
can i make sourdough starter with raw potatoes ? 
how to scale up pudding recipe 10x ? 
culinary uses for lavender
substituting parchment for foil in slow cooker
what is the use of uv leds in my fridge ? 
finding a balanced cheese table
is cast iron skillet suitable for vegans ? 
why did my eggless cup cake prepared with condensed milk get charred in a convection microwave ? 
reusage of deep frying oil and flour coated vegetables
how to save a dish with an onion paste base which tastes like raw onion paste ? 
why do instructions for carving a chicken disregard the back ? 
mashed potato: start with hot water or cold water ? 
how do i get caramels to turn out grainy ? 
silicone utensils and cookware
what causes pasta dough to be holey after running through a machine multiple times ? 
how can i make and store multiple pizzas before a potluck ? 
how to mix a roux with stock ? 
tetrasodium pyrophosphate
how can i imitate a coffee yoghurt ? 
kinds of breakfast
homemade coconut milk separates into different layers after a day in the fridge
putting cure in fry sausage ? 
what does it mean to broil 4 inches from the heat for x minutes ? 
what are "fondi di carciofo" called in english ? 
how to shape dough
why does my cheese sauce taste like flour / paste ? 
how do i stop onigiri from falling apart ? 
does worcestershire sauce go bad ? 
techniques to remove water from vegetables ? 
pumpkin bread that is similar to banana bread
baking chicken - temperature vs time
what causes gnocchi to pop violently when fried ? 
why is my pastry cream  ( custard )  grainy ? 
how can you melt chocolate without it getting wet ? 
honey changing into unusable ,  hardened clump
what is the difference between a thickener and an emulsifier ? 
why might i have trouble making butter from crme frache ? 
egg of a dove in my flowerpot
why is bread dough recovery important ? 
why does commercial brown  ( whole wheat )  bread taste bitter ? 
using spaghetti squash for  ' pasta ' 
how to prevent sliced vegetables / roots from sticking to the blade
how to open haitai cracker packs
how to roast chestnuts on an open fire ? 
what ' s the procedure for this pie ? 
why do you put celery in a bloody mary ? 
how to make roux-based sauce thicker
how should we divide the recipe ingredient ? 
i have a frozen brown bear  ( roast ?  )  from somewhere in alaska
how long does chilling take for this icecream recipe
is sticky pepperoni a sign of spoilage ? 
where to look for vintage cookbooks in spanish ? 
what can i do with a large amount of dried cilantro ? 
what is a good noodle for stir-fry where the sauce doesn ' t stick ? 
smoke detector goes off when baking chicken breast
pecan sandies-baking powder in the recipe vs .  recipe without a leavening agent ? 
frozen chips always take longer
can i substitute buttermilk by curdling coconut milk with acid ? 
cast iron ,  forged iron or carbon steel pan for induction ? 
will adding more yeast to a dough mean i need a longer time in the proofer ? 
how do i adjust cooking time / temperature for peanut brittle ? 
how much food for a tasting event ?  how big of samples ? 
my ginger is blueish .  .  .  is it safe ? 
can i let my bread dough rise in the mixer bowl ? 
why does frozen bread sort of taste different ? 
what ' s the difference between pan frying ,  sauteing ,  and shallow frying ? 
why does my dough always need more water than the recipe calls for ? 
recommendations: food with minimal stovetop time ,  no oven available
reusing marinade just used for raw chicken
is there an aging process by which to "oak" meat ? 
can i cook a thawed turkey ? 
how to make a roux ? 
smoking pig butt: how to resume ? 
why did my brown beef stock end up yellow ? 
onion and garlic ,  a no-no ? 
do i have to adjust anything to add seeds to bread ? 
where should i store my cakes ? 
how to make matcha tea without matcha whisk ? 
why does feta taste so terribly salty when grilled ? 
how to make instant noodle with egg ? 
is it feasible to use anchovies to improve the taste of random dishes ? 
what is a good subsitute for mirliton  ( aka chayote )  ? 
gluten free bread in breadmaker looks weird and doesn ' t rise
what job is the fat doing when i prepare bread dough ,  and what to expect if i use the wrong amount ? 
what are some seasonings that can spice up a bland frozen chicken alfredo ? 
is it safe to use plastic wrap in boiling water ? 
what is the standard amount  ( if there is one )  for a "glass" of wine ? 
how do i duplicate these chips ? 
lemon bread issue
why is there a fluid ounce ? 
what is processed meat ? 
what ' s the best way to store rice long-term ? 
how long does a pack of raw ,  dried indian papad keep once opened ? 
how long should i cook pork for  ( at 100 c )  ? 
does yogurt maker keeps object at optimal temperature maybe around 40 centigrade ,  or current temperature of object ? 
how can i improve an asian saut  /  stir fry ? 
what is the purpose of the light coating of flour in a three-step bound breading ? 
deconstructed food; simple ,  complex or both ? 
substitute for dry milk powder
how to quickly soften brown sugar
does spinach when cooked on bare cast iron turn black ? 
how to make grape must
how do i make a really flavorful turkey burger ? 
sous vide interrupted
how does meat nutritional profile change in freezing ? 
can i turn my marinara sauce recipe into "pizza sauce" ? 
what can be used instead of cheesecloth ? 
how to dry oregano ? 
can you deep fry a frozen egg ?  is it advisable ? 
colour fading strawberry
why is rice parboiled ?  and how does parboiling change rice ? 
can i substitute peppercorn marinade for peppercorn sauce mix in a recipe ? 
how can i make sifting easier ? 
what are possible substitutes for pineapple in sweet and sour pork / chicken ? 
how can i get crispy skin when pan frying fish ? 
what ' s the best way to stick sprinkles to cookies without icing ? 
sweet and sour ? 
how can i maximize the storage life of fresh beef in the refrigerator ? 
how can i make sugarless chocolate brownies more moist
is there a substitute for tamari and soy as i have a soya allergy ? 
how do you emphasize the yeast flavor out in bread ? 
using frozen fries as a component: how to dress them up ? 
how to protect honey jar from ants ? 
identify this seafood from the black sea known in romanian as "rapane" ? 
bakers percentage for cookies
olive oil "shelf" life and summer camping
why does my lemon tart filling sometimes curdle ? 
why not air-dry knives ? 
what is the difference between milk chocolate and dark chocolate ? 
why doesn ' t any of the instant pot recipes i find use the preset buttons  ( rice ,  bean / chili ,  etc .  )  ? 
chicken stock quantity to substitute for 1 stock cube  ( knorr )  ? 
keep a frittata puffy
why does black gram batter turn fluffy only when stone ground ? 
what is the difference between chapati and a paratha ? 
how can i make my sourdough crust chewier ? 
impossible to roll croissant dough
how can i add yogurt to a quickbread recipe ? 
how do i prepare tofu so comes out like at noodles & co
butter alternative for making breads
what ' s the minimum amount of oil for making popcorn ? 
does resting kneaded dough for few hours change the taste / texture / softness of parathas ? 
what is the use of different blender speeds ? 
why do we boil whole spices when making masala tea ? 
why is a tablespoon defined as 20ml in australia ? 
baking stuffed ground beef
what is the most time efficient way to serve food fairly to ~100 people ? 
re-processing pickles
why is milk powder used in bread machine recipes ? 
removing fat from a recipe
good ways to store brownies ? 
how do i determine the amount of water i need to use with my eletric rice cooker
how to cook a fish to make its bone as soft as those in sardines ? 
where did the idea of using alcohol in pie crust come from ? 
how do i make a mold from a plastic container ? 
why use boiling water in a shoofly pie ? 
how do you know when mussels are done ? 
is it okay to eat silver
uncarved pumpkin - is it still okay to cook with ? 
what are some good uses for lemon basil ? 
how can i make whole grains stick to the top of bread ? 
will the ingredients of "baking powder" store indefinitely ? 
forgot to turn the crockpot on with pork in it
best way to hold deep-fried foods ? 
what is the difference between white and green asparagus ? 
how to understand the effect of individual ingredients of recipes ? 
what is wrong with my icing ? 
replacing dry white wine with bubbly
what are ways to reduce cellulose in vegetables and fruits ? 
correct measurement for chicken broth powder to water
biscuits  ( cookies )  turning out more cake-like than biscuity
how many milliliters is a "pinch ? "
at which end of the scale on the knob is the refrigerator temperature lowest ,  at which is it highest ? 
pink salt vs regular salt
how to store homemade granola ? 
can i use just flour instead of roux in my gumbo
pure maple syrup wedding favors
cold stuffed mushrooms ? 
converting pure chocolate to "bittersweet" chocolate
does pressure cooking preserve alcohol ? 
reclaiming a salty curry
how many times can vinegar  ( after soaking onions in it )  be reused again for soaking the fresh onions ? 
should i buy steel or ceramic knives ? 
any tips for degassing blended soup ? 
how do i know by taste ,  if ham is bad .  i have had pre cooked ham cooking in a slow cooker on warm for 3 days
how much salt is needed for "coq au vin"
is a reddy / brown coloured cod fillet ok to use ? 
when freezing jalapeos ,  can i leave the seeds in ? 
isi gourmet whip plus - 0 . 5l or 1l ? 
is yogurt plus milk considered buttermilk ? 
what types of sauces would pair well with boiled pork knuckles ? 
thawing frozen turkey slices
what exactly is a "fast" oven ? 
cookies end up rubbery
removing that eggy smell from cakes
how to clean an electric kettle ? 
what is the shelf life of pickled gherkins stored dry ? 
how to prepare salsify  ( schwarzwurzeln )  to minimise sap ? 
why did my coppa get spicier after being microwaved ? 
how to write the so called wooden tomato  /  wooden potato in chinese  ( and where to find it )  ? 
how to make my meringues less sticky ? 
how do i keep my bread pudding from collapsing ? 
how can i remove the skin from peanuts ? 
why does cinnamon in the grounds make older coffee taste better ? 
unrefrigerated mashed bananas: are they safe to bake with ? 
ribs burned to a crisp following directions .  what does "medium high" mean ? 
adding rolled-in seasonings to pita bread
how to lighten  ( or make less dense )  pizza dough
should hot water be added to the already hot cooked vegetables for making a curry or even room temperature / cool water would do ? 
how should i control the time and temperature when baking two dishes ? 
do you have to refrigerate leftover grilled corn-on-the-cob ? 
could i substitute anaheim chilies for guajillo chilies in a curry paste ? 
how can i make mocktails that actually taste like non-fruity cocktails ? 
could i get sick from accidentally cooking an olive can metal lid in my spaghetti sauce ? 
sous vide roast: what should i do with the excess liquid in the bag ? 
what is the difference between butter spread and pure butter ? 
baking bread during the day
what oil is best for seasoning a cast-iron skillet
do tinned anchovies need to be sold cold for food safety or quality reasons ? 
can you substitute white wine with rose ? 
my ciabatta dough hasn ' t risen after 2 hours ! 
what is the egg mixture used in gratins called in english ? 
how to go about reducing sugar in a butter cake recipe ? 
giant parsnip from korean shop
are chilies in olive oil dangerous ? 
how to make bread mould resistant ? 
why does my roast beef smell wonderful but tastes bland ? 
why "yeast extract"
what ' s optimal hardness for a kitchen knife blade ? 
how should i clean anodized cookware ? 
using unrefined sugar to make candy
how do i remove turmeric stains from metal / plastic cookware ? 
custard - how much milk can one egg set ? 
custard based ice cream vs eggless ice cream
substitute for chinkiang vinager
what determines the shape-holding ability of cookies ? 
slow cooker curried vegetables turned off ! 
why is my soymilk going off so fast ? 
is it okay to wash vegetables by soaking / submerging ? 
why would the first few pancakes come out perfect ,  but only get worse from there ? 
barbecue sauce with onion
ingredients for cocktails
can i bake bread in a cast iron dutch oven with the lid on ,  or should i use tin foil instead ? 
how is this kind of cattle called ? 
pectin granules in jam
marinade with or with out sugar ? 
why not cover the pot ? 
how do i ensure my cooked meat turns out moist ? 
can i scald milk in the microwave ? 
dehydrating fruit without a microwave
how can i efficiently make single-serve porridge ? 
substitute apricot with some other fruit in this sunny-side-up apricot pastries recipe
how to treat brik dough ? 
what advantages does a brasing pan have over a full dutch / french oven ? 
frozen store-bought pie crust
putting a wet pan on hot stove top
will liquid keep longer if i boil it and then leave the lid on ? 
how much bones can be used in an 11 liter stock pot ? 
hamburger meat falling apart
what are the best conditions for yeast to develop ? 
how do i convert a weight of dried chick peas to volume of cooked ? 
the difference between beet sugar and cane sugar
why might packaged pineapple contain egg ,  soy ,  peanut ,  fish ,  milk ,  sulphites ,  tree nuts ,  sesame ,  crustaceans ,  shellfish ,  mustard seeds ,  wheat ? 
cooked ham left out till 6:00 am
how can i tell fresher fish apart ? 
how to minimize salt taste from biryani ? 
can nonstick pans go in the oven ? 
how to avoid chicken getting too tender when cooking in a crock pot ? 
stirring butter toffee mixture while cooking
what is the name of the chinese dish from the movie "girl with a pearl earring" ? 
what is a substitute for poblano peppers ? 
how can i cultivate and store yeast ? 
waring pro df280 deep fryer temperature range ? 
using noodle cooking water to loosen sauce ? 
mysterious green middle eastern plums
whole vs ground spices
amount of brioche dough in a brioche mould ? 
best way to sous vide two steaks to different temperatures
how should eggplant be stored ? 
do i need a special oven to cook a pizza as evenly as the chain stores ? 
what can i do with badly cooked honeycomb ? 
chopsticks versus forks ? 
how to make the bottom of breads bake a little slower so that the whole bread could stay longer in the oven ? 
what is the history of the standard sheet  ( bun )  pan ? 
do i need to bake my pre-made pie crust ? 
how do i fix my dough after i did not activate the yeast properly ? 
 ( international  /  uk  /  us )  rmertopf equivalents ? 
how can i make shredded beef ? 
pork roast safe cooking
veal chops left in car in cool bag
what is hunter ' s chicken
how can i tell which fruits etc .  contain proteases ? 
what is a good alternative to sea bass ? 
is it ok to reheat hash browns the next morning ? 
brining turkey - 4 days in fridge - partially grey
how to stop oil separating from cheese
what can i make with corn flake that is no longer crispy ? 
temperature range for seasoning a carbon steel pan
how can i make my risotto less firm ? 
lemon cake has no flavor
should maple syrup be stored in the refrigerator ? 
can i cook with cosmetic coconut oil ? 
why are red wine glasses wider than white wine glasses ? 
roasting a frozen creole pork leg ? 
how can i color pasta during cooking or afterwards ,  preferably using natural coloring ? 
what is the name of this italian pastry ? 
should i sear meat which is cooked sous vide before it goes in the bag ,  or after ? 
do i really need pastry flour in my molasses cookie recipe ? 
how do i use my lever press correctly ? 
which nuts are typically paired with raspberry and white chocolate ? 
how do i separate crackers stuck to parchment paper ? 
too much water in box cake mix batter .  can it be fixed ? 
does using egg+yolk in a chocolate chip cookie recipe make a big difference ? 
what ' s the difference between masa for tortillas and for tamales ? 
breakfast vegetable
olive wood cooking utensils: seasoning ,  care ,  and maintenance ? 
can i eat a cryovaced cured ham left in car for 24 hours ? 
which parts of a spring onion should i use in a pasta salad ? 
why skim "scum" from the surface of a simmering stock ? 
does a 15 , 000 btu burner require a larger gas line ? 
bacteria forming in reheating of baked potatoes
does the type of sugar make a difference when making chocolate ? 
using yeast that ' s been proofed
does the colour of the olive oil say anything about its quality ? 
why are some foods preferentially eaten at certain times of day ? 
how hot is a gas burner supposed to be ? 
is it a myth or a fact that mixing cake / muffin batter too finely can lead to a hard finally baked cake / muffin ? 
how long does it take for unopened cheese to go bad ? 
substitute for flaked coconut
how to grill potatoes ? 
what is the best approach to cut carrot into thin strips ? 
fresh pasta work surface
large quantities of sushi rice in a rice cooker ? 
preview for "the new best recipe" ?  suitability for vegetarians ? 
how do i neutralize a strong garlic flavor ? 
making stovetop potroasts
can you substitute capers for green peppercorn ? 
tip to avoid avocado in sushi rolls from getting black or dark
how can i increase the extraction of gelatin and minerals from bones into my stock ? 
stir fry rice clumps
how to know if frozen clams are good when cooked
how do i quickly get okra to stop being goopy ? 
can i do chow mein without rice wine nor substituting it ? 
how to make pretty crpes ? 
what can i do to thicken the mixture in a meat "cup ? "
how do i prepare prawns such that they are straight after boiling / steaming ? 
how can i make the most effective use of high-quality olive oil ? 
cooking terminology: ingredient preparation vocabulary
dry white wine substitute for slow cooker garlic chicken recipe
can calcium chloride be used to prevent lentils from bursting ? 
should traditional moule marinier have cream in it ? 
fresh vs canned tomatoes in indian cooking
why is freshness more important for fish than beef ? 
the whey of mozzarella or tofu
how to cook the eggplant in trader joe ' s eggplant roll style ? 
can you brew black tea in a macchinetta ? 
what is the acceptable vanilla:vodka range for homemade vanilla extract ? 
what to do with dried vegetables that feel like a chewing gum ? 
how can i marinate meatballs without making them "mushy" ? 
veg burger advice ,  am i missing something ? 
can cold-brew coffee be heated ?  why ? 
how long is homemade spiced apple cider good for in a sealed mason canning jar ? 
how to barbecue marinated chicken drumsticks
using / selecting a centrifuge in the kitchen ? 
are there too many flavors competing in this side dish ? 
why is it called coffee cake ? 
leather flavour
pomegranate juice ceviche
how to keep chicken juices in the chicken when cooking in the oven ? 
exploding or alcoholic soda
what kind of nonstick coating is this ? 
freezing hazelnuts ,  before or after peeling and roasting ? 
if the recipe says simmer beans for 3 hours ,  can i just turn up the heat and cook faster ? 
how to chop / mince meat ? 
is my milk spoiled ? 
are there any differences in large or small pieces of root ginger ? 
red tomato sauce recipe
how do you make meringues ? 
stovetop flank steak
how long can i keep a chicken carcass and still make stock from it ? 
water content of salted butter
what are the pros and cons of using clarified butter as opposed to regular butter ? 
baking dark chocolate in cookies without burning them
how to reheat without compromising quality
is it safe to prepare chicken tartare ? 
how can i make my banana bread more moist ? 
eating raw fish: what are parasite infection risks really: how big ? 
adding vanilla flavor to non-fat plain greek yogurt
can i still use the pork juice dripings after i strain out the pieces of fat storaged in a roaster overnight at room temp ? 
should chili peppers be seared ? 
dark barley water
info about spelt
is safe to eat jerky with white mold ? 
specific temperature vs "medium heat" on an induction cooker ? 
i ' m trying to make cheddar sticks from scratch
a simple way to make crushed ice ? 
what is a  ' dough spatula '  ? 
what is this sushi ? 
ultimate cookbook for busy people
how to make home-made flour tortilla bowls for salads ? 
do i always need to peel the avocado or i can just chop it ? 
homemade vinegar safe ? 
where can i buy fresh ,  live yeast for making bread ?   ( not active dry yeast ) 
graham crust cheesecake is so hard to cut ? 
how can i cook chicken in a similar way to how it was done in biblical times ? 
which parts of a chicken are used to make chicken soup ? 
how to clean a wooden cauldron lid ? 
blending pineapples and coconuts whole ,  safety and experience ? 
alternative for buffalo wing sauce
what are the categories of fish ? 
brining .  .  . at high temp ? 
what is the shelf life of my home made coleslaw dressing ? 
how does fast food restaurants make grilled chicken
what will happen if you cook in a container that has traces from another day of cooking ? 
when baking ,  is it better to use a gas or electric oven ? 
can i cook in this stainless steel balti dish ? 
is kangaroo meat safe to eat raw such as kangaroo tartare ? 
do i need to sift flour that is labeled sifted ? 
what is  ( was )  cocavello ? 
how do i stop my fire alarm from going off when i cook ? 
is there a way to tell if dry malt is diastatic or non-diastatic ? 
how to make a pesto in a mortar ? 
how to cook fried chicken gizzards that are tender ? 
how to make health bar hold  ( stick )  together
i need to quickly and safely thaw frozen ground beef ,  what are my options ? 
what is a mixed spice with respect to a cake ? 
regulating temperature in cheap offset smokers
what is this tea stalk that almost every cup of tea in anime has ? 
how to best keep a bunch of coriander fresh ? 
how do espresso machines hold pressure at all ? 
breakfast protein options
is there a big difference between yellow and yukon gold potatoes ? 
fake poached salmon machine ? 
what to do with leftover almond peel ? 
how much calcium propionate should i use as a bread preservative ? 
black spot on ground beef ? 
how warm must dough be in order to rise ? 
active dry yeast vs instant yeast
which method of preparation would produce a more tender and juicier steak ,  grilling or broiling ? 
in reference to baking bread ,  what is a "mother culture" ? 
is what i want to make lardo ? 
are carrots dyed orange ? 
why does the pasta i make with my extruder always stick together ? 
substituting canola oil in salad
how to make deep fried beer ? 
which torch to buy for finishing sous vide meat ?  butane or propane ? 
how to make xxl watermelon jell-o shots without falling apart ? 
after you bake eggplant ,  is it fine to not drain the water ? 
my mince in my bolognese has got a cardboard texture
how long  /  to what temperature should i let meat rest ? 
how to save failed pie crust dough  ( warm butter )  ? 
spring rolls splitting when frozen
yeast for pizza doughs
desalinating dried / smoked fish
what can i make a baking form from ? 
foil wrapping bbq ribs in convection ? 
waay too much baking soda ,  can i salvage these tea buscuits somehow ? 
is hot tap water safe for cooking ? 
where can i find buttermilk in france ? 
preventing my toast from becoming wet when i put it on the plate
can i use a meat grinder to grate cheese ? 
use of whipping cream in fudge
do rice cookers bake good cakes ? 
turning home made chicken stock into broth
what is the difference between instant and filter coffee ? 
what ' s the minimum time to cook raw prawns ? 
make fruit last longer in fridge ? 
what is the name of this dish involving fruit & sugar - blended and baked thin and flat ? 
i am using agave instead of sugar ,  do i add more flour to keep things right in cookie dough ? 
rice - expiration date
how can you tell when flour has gone off ? 
how do you make popcorn with "indian corn"
what is the correct onion to tomato ratio for north indian masala sauce ? 
i ' ve started to make dairy free cheese for cafes but have problem scaling up ? 
can i peel a mandarin orange like the commercial canners do ? 
what table material is electric oven safe to place on to ? 
sugar forming tiny bubbles in microwaved coffee ? 
what is the maximum time for which the dough should be allowed to rest before making parathas ? 
extrusion pasta maker versus roller: which one makes the best pasta ? 
how do i cook store-bought glutinous rice dumplings ? 
what is a good use for lots of fresh cilantro ? 
how to prepare mutton so it ' s not tough ? 
how long will grease  ( from bacon or roast )  keep in the fridge ? 
why does oil reduce the effectiveness of japanese waterstones ? 
sous vide strip came out medium well ,  what did i do wrong ? 
creating differing temperature fluid gels that stay separate
how to add preservatives ? 
why does holding ice cream mix improve flavor ? 
ksesptzle like the ones in bavaria
my sauerkraut brine seems slightly slimy but the batch otherwise seems normal--is it ok ? 
why are my cinnamon rolls turning into toffee ? 
how to cook frozen goose
preventing white sugar from clumping in the canister
my hand mixer came with dough hooks ,  can i knead dough with it ? 
how to what is left behind when i have removed the melted aluminum foil from the oven bottom
what is a good way to cook a pork tenderloin without searing ? 
cooking lamb that falls off the bone
fudge not setting up-- any salvaging possible ?  alternate uses ? 
vegetarian substitutes for nuoc mam  /  nuoc cham ? 
is old bailey ' s irish cream safe to drink ? 
what is the layer of grey stuff on the bottom of salmon ? 
how can i preserve avocados longer ? 
refrigerated beef brisket
why let your pie cool instead of eating it hot ? 
what is the difference between milk  ( simple )  and milk drink ? 
microwave rice cooker vs low-end electric rice cookers
how do you make pie with citron watermelon  ( not just the rind )  ? 
why do hamburger patties have ridges on one side ? 
how important is the creaming process while making a cake ? 
what is a good way for a beginner to start sous vide cooking ? 
what ingredients should be avoided in stock ? 
is there a spice that is hot and colorless ? 
how to color jiaozi  ( chinese dumplings )  ? 
does cutting meat into pieces make it go bad faster ? 
how long do oven elements last under high usage ? 
i added too much corn starch into my potato cutlets what do i do
thicken stew with excess floating fat
do "best by: xx-xx-xx" foods have an expiration date ? 
how long does coconut curry last in the fridge ? 
raw kale - korean side dish
why did my vinaigrette emulsify so quickly ? 
too much onion flavor in dip
alton brown ' s buffalo wings
how are crisp flavours made ? 
why did my chicken soup go cloudy ? 
order of combining wet and dry ingredients when baking
from which culture did our north american meal progression  ( soup / salad / appetizer + meal + dessert )  come from ? 
why grease the pan ,  then line with greaseproof / parchment paper ? 
attempting to make coconut pringles - dough too crumbly
cooked chicken stuffed with a can  ( of soda )  ? 
how to determine the alcohol content of a mixed-drink ? 
what are the best high-calorie high-alkaline low-acid recipes or foods  ( to avoid gastritis )  ? 
help making montgomery pie layer properly
how much fresh potato to substitute for instant potato flakes when baking ? 
electric oven temperature
potato soup; left out overnight ,  refrigerated ~10 days; safe to eat ? 
how can i recreate the dipping sauce for the cream cheese wontons served at pick up stix ? 
alternatives to halloumi ? 
roasting multiple turkeys  ( cooking time estimation ) 
french rolling pin care and maintenance
why do we use so much water to cook spaghetti ? 
how to compensate for citric acid in hard candy ? 
how do i trim fat down to an even layer ? 
how does flavor transfer ? 
how long can hard cheeses last in a refrigerator ? 
how much sauce do you need per person ? 
mr .  coffee seems to know the future
what is the best way to douse a charcoal grill ? 
how can i efficiently render 100 lbs of suet into tallow in a home kitchen ? 
reformulate a marshmallow recipe to remove lactose and hfcs
what is the weight ratio of bone to meat in a tomahawk steak ? 
how can i prevent the cheese on my homemade pizza from hardening too soon ? 
why do different brands of butter taste different ? 
how can i preserve large quantities of garlic ? 
what is this distinctive smell in some dry cured sausage ? 
effect of pineapple
how to make my croissants to grow ? 
what should i look for in a cooking class ? 
cup measurements: shake or scrape ? 
keeping the bubbles in sparkling gelatin desserts
where is a good place to buy food coloring in bulk ? 
low fat marinades that still work
how to thicken chili without compromising flavor
what is the difference between whipped cream and whipping cream ? 
dissolving sugar in a beverage
would pastes made from vinegar and seeds other than mustard seeds be palatable ? 
name of a cheese they prepare in switzerland
how do i make scrambled egg whites more like scrambled eggs ? 
what can i add to veggie burgers to make them less brittle ? 
how much saffron to use ? 
cut onion safety
how do i make my chocolate brownies  ' fudgy '  ? 
is boiling water poured over frozen berries enough vs .  bacteria ? 
crisping chicken without skin
crispy pork belly ,  how can i cook the inside more ? 
metal cutlery food pairing
does adding oil and fats affect bread crust development ? 
how do i make raw peanut butter creamy ? 
what do eggs do in cakes and how should we replace them for vegans ? 
are santoku blades ambidextrous ? 
for patting dry meat ,  what is a substitute for paper towels ? 
can brussels sprouts be eaten raw ? 
what ' s the correct way to garnish with greens ? 
should i add vegetables and spices in the stock-making stage of pig-knuckle soup ? 
my olive oil didn ' t solidify in the fridge .  is it fake ? 
what should i look for in an electric steamer for use to make tamales
substitues for confectioners sugar when making icing
how to protect hand skin when preparing food
water boiling and cooking time
what ' s different between canned beer and bottled beer ? 
can i make pasta with atta flour ? 
cooking an egg without oil or butter
how to adapt recipes to hard wheat flour
how long can i keep bread dough in the refrigerator ? 
how to wash pesticides from fruit skins ? 
ratio of marrow bones to regular bones to marbled meat ? 
can i make chocolate chip cookies last for months by adding preservatives ? 
should these be placed in refrigerator: tomatoes ,  and banana ? 
older vs .  newer stainless pans
is there a difference between the grocery store package of chow mein noodles and the package of lo mein noodles ? 
how long does a cake with avocado frosting last in the fridge ? 
is it safe to use olive oil that has gone cloudy ? 
can german potato balls be frozen ? 
how can i remove a stuck liquor decanter stopper ? 
does wrapping banana stems actually prolong their life ? 
is the double boiling canning procedure really necessary ? 
sauerkraut for hot dogs
what can i do to fix store-bought mayonnaise that split ? 
is it safe to cook wine or vinegar in cast iron ? 
desperately seeking chicken haddies
is bar keeper ' s friend safe to use on cookware ? 
small emulsified breakfast sausages in dutch countries
is liquid seeping from the fish normal when making gravlax ? 
how to butter-roast coffee in frying pan ? 
best way to clean a countertop if you are preparing food on it
made oven ghee - what is the liquid at the top of my cold ghee ? 
why do some foods have to be cooked only when the pan is really hot ? 
why are my strawberries keeping so long ? 
how to trim a cake so it ' s level ? 
why should i let bread cool before slicing and eating ? 
dough safety and viability after overproofing
is this "true" cinnamon ? 
scaling problems with a cake - mousse layer increases more than other layers
food poisoning prevention
the pressure cooker gauge was wrong for cans of soup i processed in the past 5 weeks .  what can i do with the soup ? 
safety of old ,  unopened bottles of ketchup
are damascus steel kitchen knives worth it ? 
how to choose appropriate drinkware for cocktails ? 
making pepper-flavored vodka
will a fishmonger or bait shop clean a fish you caught for a fee ? 
why does my buttercream become runny overnight ? 
is my food spoiled after a power outage ? 
how to use slow cooker for cooking meat without it turning into soup or stew ? 
is unwrapped refrigerated cheese safe ? 
why do salt flakes start building up in a bottle of mineral water after it was first opened ? 
old electric farberware wok
safely making truffle honey
why is it hard to ferment fennel ? 
dry-aging at home
what is the best cut of beef to use for stews ? 
black mold on cheese
how to correctly use a whisk ? 
baking time difference in pyrex versus metal
butter alternatives for baking pastry
can i put a layer of almond paste in my tart that will not be baked ? 
is it safe to eat moldy cheese if you slice off the edges ? 
does injera require a starter ? 
substitute for marjoram
is low sodium salt really effective ? 
why did my almonds burn instead of caramelizing ? 
what is a "moist" salt ? 
how does one soften sun dried tomatoes ? 
what are the marinating times for different cuts of chicken ? 
how long will a sourdough starter last between feedings ? 
what is the white film on my wet carrots ? 
what makes a chewy brownie ? 
how do i produce lots of steam in a plain household oven ? 
haddock falling apart
how was the usage of yeast for bread discovered ? 
how can i tweak this  ( us )  southern themed cocktail ? 
does arabic gum help keep frozen yogurt soft ? 
is there any flavor difference in heated sugar  ( e . g .  cotton candy )  ? 
diy pot noodle safe ingredients
what are the guidelines for creating a canning recipe ? 
botulism olives ,  olive oil and garlic
how can i create a chicken substitute ? 
can one use a toaster oven to bake cakes and cupcakes ? 
do you need a rice cooker to cook sticky rice ? 
can pressure canning be replaced water bath canning ? 
why do mushrooms freeze in fridge at temps above freezing ? 
color changes in ground beef ? 
should you freeze pastry lukewarm ?  if so ,  why ? 
how much omega-6 does sprat have ? 
demerera sugar vs .  brown sugar
substitute baking powder for yeast in a focaccia ? 
how to achieve a thin caramel sauce / coating that stays fluid when refrigerated
preparing soy milk at home
does a pressure cooker really cook food evenly ? 
does stollen dough keep overnight ? 
yolks flat and breaking
substitute rabbit in chicken recipes ? 
smell assessment and brining frozen sardines
pre-blending potatos
garlic and oil emulsion
how can i scale down a high-yield recipe that calls for a single egg ? 
ideal pan temperature for frying meats  ( kangaroo ,  chicken etc .  )  using ir thermometer ? 
fishhouse punch: peach brandy vs schnapps
what ' s this odd stuff coming out of my meringue ? 
chopped onion versus dried minced onion
can you warm biga in a microwave ? 
how do i convert volume to weight for soft cheeses like ricotta and mascarpone ? 
minimum amount of fat in roux
when to refrigerate bottled sauces ? 
does beer in bread retard the yeast ? 
i accidentally dropped the lid from a can of diced tomatos in my crockpot of cabbage roll soup ! 
smelly chicken - is it unsafe ? 
preserving dehydrated fruits and vegs
what ' s the best way to execute a pulled pork dish ? 
what are different ways to roast bell peppers ? 
selecting [corn] for pozole ? 
what are alternate uses for leftover buttermilk ? 
measuring glucose syrup without wasting it
bundt pan for a citris olive oil cake ? 
how to make soup less  ' meaty '  ? 
egg muffin tin cooking
potato parts in the oven
how do i know when my stock is done cooking ? 
can i use whole eggs instead of egg yolks in a lemon bundt cake ? 
is-there any good way to make smoked chipotle pepper at home ? 
how to create a soup with frozen chicken ? 
can most sour fruits be jelled by cooking with sugar ? 
sauce made from butter and cream flakes / curdles
i have a bottle of unopened 23 year old corked spanish white cooking wine
what ' s the point of roasting a whole chicken ? 
is there any way to use oversized okra ? 
how to keep vegetables and herbs fresh for longer ? 
diy finishing salt  ( maldon ,  fleur de sel ) 
how to eliminate rubbery texture in pan fried veggie burgers made with vital wheat gluten
is there any difference between bakers yeast and regular yeast ? 
what aspects of a fridge most affect the quality / taste of food ? 
storing simple syrup
is this fish dish actually greek in origin ? 
whipped cream running permanently from siphon
am i able to put uncooked chicken back in my fridge for a day ? 
best substitute for gin
why is my blueberry jam grainy ? 
what is the difference between these tableware flatware and cutlery ? 
how to roast peanuts on the gas stove without getting the brown spots ? 
difference between fleischkse ,  mortadella ,  and parizer
why does meat in the crockpot always end up dry ? 
i would like to make my own food coloring with natural vegetables ,  what is the technique ? 
if i vacuum seal a food product like beef stew then boil it in the bag ,  would it keep un-refrigerated ? 
impossible to manage sticky dough
double key lime pie filling and increase from 9" to 10" shell ,  new baking time ? 
what technique is used to remove the bubbles and big hole from swiss rolls ? 
what is the source of the very strong flavour in some bad fats  ( or dairy products ?  )  that only some people can taste ? 
what are the optimal simmering times for each stage of a traditional ph ? 
plain chocolate chips same as semi sweet chips
yeast and flour for panasonic bread maker
tips for creating a creamy and smooth sorbet
oil in steamed cake
can i use brown sugar in no bake cookies instead of granulated sugar ? 
how much does one cup of fresh spinach weigh ? 
is it still possible to make cast iron skillets as good as the old ones ? 
sauting big batch of onions
is it safe to fully cook a stuffed turkey the night before thanksgiving ? 
what juicer is best for leafy greens and vegetables  ( like carrots )  ? 
substitute beef for lamb ? 
how do we make baking soda at home ? 
unfreezing and cooking steaks like ribeye or club steaks
what are common techniques for adding eggs to soup ? 
how does one stop sushi seaweed wrapping being too chewy ? 
can you preserve canned kidney beans so that they still have their shape ? 
how do i adapt to grilling without a lid ? 
can i make ciabatta with corn flour ? 
is apple cinnamon oats an indian recipe ? 
how can i use roses in cooking ? 
what is cold-pressed honey ? 
accidentally bought unsalted roasted pistachios how can i salt them
should i be suspicious of meat / seafood on sale ? 
peking duck sauce
how do you know if stone-ground flour is truly milled with stones ? 
is mold inside eggshells a sign they ' re unsafe to eat ? 
does lime juice make jalapeos less spicy ? 
how to clean grease efficiently ? 
making  ( or substitute for )  ricotta cheese ? 
why does canned mango pulp have no vitamin a ? 
how do i keep glaze for gingerbread cookies translucent
table of calories
broad bean water went brown overnight
bonbons are a mystery
fastest way to peel petai ?  parkia speciosa ,  bitter bean ,  stinky bean ,  sator
my flatbreads are still doughy inside after cooking ? 
best way to preserve a meat without using refrigerator
what is the difference between risotto rice and paella rice ? 
how can i safely store or dry wet sugar ? 
sous vide beef steaks look overcooked at 59c and 56 . 5c
how do i get pepper to stick to my beef jerky ? 
how do i know if a given pickle recipe is meant for long-term storage ? 
oolong leaves not unfurling
how to make agar less brittle
cooking own pizza in a microwave
can i sous-vide meat  ( at a temperature between 40f and 140f )  for more than four hours ? 
how do i keep long grain brown rice moist ? 
how to know when to remove lemon squares from oven ? 
to salt or not salt broth for use in recipes ? 
mousseline sauce ,  use the white or the yolk of the egg ? 
spolied meat test ? 
does anyone know of a source of goat parmesan in the new york area or a farm in new york that produces it ? 
left an uncooked thawed store made pizza in the car for 4 hours in 54 degree weather
how efficient is stock for protein extraction ? 
lobster ,  steamed saturday afternoon ,  eaten monday night ? 
why do people recommend cream of tartar when whipping egg whites to the exclusion of all other acids ? 
how to rescue too-soft cookie dough made with butter substitute ? 
why is salt sprinkled on top of soft pretzels ? 
why exactly do leafy vegetables turn to mush when frozen uncoooked ? 
is there any way to sous-vide without a machine
how to store parts of whole chicken for long time ? 
cleaning burr coffee grinder
why does my german nut strudel fall apart ? 
is bami goreng the same as the dish labelled as  ' singapore noodles '  in the united kingdom
how can i train myself to identify flavors better ? 
metal dust / shavings in food from knife wear ? 
cooking oven temperature
need help on cooking thick pork chops to temperature
is it possible to store homemade pie crusts - if so what methods are there ? 
best way to juice a pineapple
prepared meals and storage time in fridge before delivering them to clients
how can i save this vanilla extract ? 
what kind of vegetable oil should i use for baking ? 
should i add water to my homemade orange juice ? 
choux pastry  ( chocolate eclairs )  doesn ' t cook properly
how do i make meringue using a whipped cream charger ? 
meat alternative for tempura ? 
how to make omelettes extremely quickly
what are toffee potatoes ? 
what is the difference between preserves and conserves ? 
ratio of liquid / glucomannan / xanthan gum for flan or walden farms dip
how long do you need to cook chicken thigh ? 
any time  /  temperature recommendation for a short braise of a tender piece of meat ? 
honing steel forward or backward
is it okay to prepare "cannelloni with spinach" recipe and put it in fridge before baking ? 
making jam with brown  ( raw )  caster sugar
how should i alter a chocolate cake recipe to make plain / flavoured cake ? 
 ( how )  can i prevent pasta water from boiling over with the lid closed ? 
can you cool manicotti noodles off completly before stuffing
how to prevent fish disintegrating in frying pan
how do i make bread more firm ? 
looking for the name of an orange crunchy snack
rust on unknown metal cooking mold
texture issue in homemade powdered sugar
what ' s the purpose of adding water to an egg wash ? 
can i make a dry ingredient waffle mix with dry egg powder & powdered milk ? 
ribs in slow cooker ,  then finished on bbq ? 
why does my fudge always set up like a rock ? 
what north atlantic fish can we use to make a good ceviche ? 
how much is a cup of graham cracker crumbs in crackers and weight ? 
must rice always be cooked with some oil or lard ? 
too soft cookie dough
has anyone successfully spatchcocked their thanksgiving turkey ? 
is it possible to freeze wine for future use ? 
how large does an oven need to be to fit a 18 lbs turkey ? 
how oil changes the taste of salads ? 
what is the shelf life of unground coffee beans ? 
how to remove dirt from inside green / spring onions ? 
how do i accurately take a chicken thigh ' s temperature ? 
baking below sea level
are beets related to turnips ? 
why does bread soften after heating it up ? 
how to minimize splatter using an immersion blender ? 
identifying a white crispy garnish to a pork dish
please explain my meat dry curing observations
what kind of glass is this ? 
using polenta to make hamburger
how quickly does soy lecithin lose its effect ? 
is it possible to have a good crust without prebaking a quiche ? 
why would you place potatoes on salt when baking in the oven ? 
bizarre: chocolate tempering is good on the outside
preheat the dutch oven  ( and the oven itself )  for no-knead bread ?   ( experiment results ) 
is it recommended to put frozen fruit in a food processor ? 
should i peel kiwifruit ? 
after how long is boiled milk tea consumable ? 
extracting colour out of strawberries
can you make nut butters without dehydrating nuts ? 
asian toasting seeds
how to cook using a wok
what ' s the difference between bacon and gammon ? 
best way to preserve ricotta ? 
how to get chocolate of chocolate covered strawberries shiny ? 
how sharp should a filleting knife be ? 
does water boil faster with the lid on ? 
charbroil propane grill - troubleshooting a problem
how to remove quinoa bitterness  ( with many restrictions )  doing chapatis
how to preserve home made orange juice
can cashew milk go bad ,  and how do you tell ? 
tripling a baking recipe
can i substitite iodized salt or sea salt instead of kosher salt to fry green tomatoes ? 
first slicing ,  then cooking ,  or the other way around ? 
old bread becomes sticky
making scalloped potatoes ,  need to be in oven for 3 hours , what temperature should i have them on
when is it ok to crowd the pan ? 
how to shop for a food processor capable of pulverizing plant material to a fine powder ? 
do i chill mead ? 
coloring colored ice-cream
why does some frozen food puff up when defrosting ? 
how to get those professional looking peaks on top of tiramisu ? 
red sweet and sour cabbage .  .  . drain or not ? 
how long can cooked food be safely stored at room / warm temperature ? 
cooking ramen noodles in broth or not ? 
alternative for celery salt and coconut flour
what does a thai scented candle impart ? 
use high gluten  ( bread )  flour for hand pulled noodles
ingredients of root beer
can i substitute brown or confectioner ' s sugar for granulated sugar in sugar cookies ? 
why didn ' t my pan-fried potato wedges turn out crispy ? 
beet stock shelf life
grinding melted latex off a pizza stone ? 
baking my own sweet potato  ( yam )  chips - help correct my current methodology
is there a difference between us worcestershire sauce and uk worcestershire sauce ? 
can i substitute a 10 oz bag of large marshmallows for the same weight equivalent in miniature mallows ? 
how can one use thai basil stems and flowers ? 
how to put the bacon in the burger ? 
how can i tell if my palm oil is rancid ? 
how to prepare butter for baking when time is limited ? 
how do you stop limes from drying out ? 
how do i fix overly yeasty kefir ? 
are bell peppers with brown seeds safe to eat ? 
i lose the flavor of basil when i make pesto sauce
checking food nutrients
frying pan width - from base or rim ? 
how do kosher food preparation requirements compare with what is known by modern science to make food safe for eating ? 
why can ' t whole milk be substituted for cream in caramel sauce ? 
diet coke chicken recipe safe when heating the artificial sweetener contained in the diet coke during the boiling process ? 
will freezing affect the quality of a dry-aged steak ? 
how do i make wagashi with kashigata ? 
bread with no salt
bar ware - what kind of glass is this ? 
how accurate are kitchen scales ? 
i put my cheddar in my kitchen cabinet
do asian groceries carry vital wheat gluten ? 
what type of sugar can preserve bread the longest ? 
what to do with leftover crumb topping ? 
how should i adjust oven temperature / time to have two dishes ready at the same time ? 
chiquapin chocolate ? 
is there a way to keep chilled cookie dough from flattening while cutting it ? 
how can i make my turkey gravy look darker and richer ? 
is there an easy ,  at-home method to separate the protein from sweet whey powder ? 
how to salt potatoes ? 
why are store bought paninis only par baked ? 
advice on preparing / incorporating sprouts in salads ? 
does white sugar have a shelf life ? 
molasses cookies - do i need to start over ? 
what additions can i make to my basic white bread recipe to increase its fiber content ? 
how do you season and cook to palates and preferences different than yours ? 
heavy cream and half-and-half substitute
how to avoid collapse of yeast-raised dough ? 
help identify a strange root vegetable
how to properly clean a bundt mold without ruining the surface
is there a problem with defrosting meat on the counter ? 
what ' s the best way to reheat frozen boiled potatoes ? 
sour butter from freezer ? 
what are the natural and artificial sugars ? 
how is king arthur bread flour made ? 
what can i do with extra sourdough starter ? 
is there a difference between preheating temperature and baking temperature ? 
flank steak sous vide - blood spots ? 
what ' s are the benefits of different sourdough starter consistencies ? 
why is my avocado tough and rubbery ? 
how to avoid fluffy pumpkin pie
how to make chocolate fondant ? 
cream or butter in a pudding
bake frozen pizza without a tray - will it melt and drip ? 
what effect have bay leaves in a meat / tomato sauce ? 
how to ship holiday cookies ? 
is cheese or pasta a good source of protein ? 
how to convert slow cooker recipes to pressure cooker with different cooking times ? 
homemade sausages unlink
can i substitute powdered walnuts for all-purpose flour in a cake ? 
what types of meat should i pound and why ? 
does putting salt in coffee really remove bitterness ? 
how do you cook calamari  /  squid and avoid making it tough ? 
culinary term for frying in water  ( without oil )  ? 
can water cause fermented pickles to spoil ? 
how to make tea essential oil ? 
i ' ve heard that sugar ,  and especially brown sugar ,  loses its flavor over time .  is this true ? 
is it safe to eat the white dots in peaches ? 
how to gauge orzo ' s change in volume from dry to cooked for a soup ? 
how far will my summer truffle and water go ? 
difference between scones and biscuit ? 
if nutrition facts states 0% cholesterol does that imply the food is vegan ? 
can i use nut meal or nut butter as a curry base ? 
how should i order unknown wines in a tasting
how to evaluate the features of a multi-purpose food processor / mixer ? 
how to develop a butterscotch flavor in a savory sauce
basil pesto vinaigrette - what kind of vinegar ? 
how to reproduce charcoal flavor in steaks and burgers from restaurants
cooking chicken in a risotto without it drying out
how can i get homemade yoghurt to thicken properly ? 
how do i sautee tomatoes without them being juicy ? 
why did my brownie batter separate ? 
prevent fiber threads in sweet potato halwa
prefermenting the whole sourdough rye bread
so much water in cake ,  how to fix ? 
does beetroot and chorizo work together in a dish
how long do black olives last once opened ? 
how can i harden the centre of a partly cooked christmas cake
why would i turn canning jars upside down for 15 minutes after removing from the water bath ? 
should any liquid ,  or liquid-like ingredient ,  be included in the water proportion calculations for bread ? 
why doesn ' t oil burn and produce smoke at restaurants ? 
would freezing a whole pineapple change it visually ? 
can i refreeze defrosted crumb topping ? 
how to prolong the life of chillies in a refrigerator ? 
are coffee mugs oven safe ? 
why did my chiffon cake collapse ? 
best way to dissolve caramelized sugar
can i still save my solid block of jam ? 
how to mimic giordano ' s pizza crust at home  ?   ( part 1 ) 
quick tiramisu with many restrictions
is a little oven less hot than a bigger oven ? 
why does my asparagus turn out too chewy ? 
low-sodium alternatives for asian cooking sauces ? 
what is the emulsification power of 1 egg yolk ? 
what can i use for a crme brle if i don ' t have a blow torch ? 
oven jerky a possibility ? 
can you use just egg yolks when recipe asks for eggs ? 
why did my sourdough starter stopped rising ? 
how long does yeast live after baking ? 
how to find / substitute dry corn with shell removed for stews ? 
how to keep tupperwear unstained ? 
how do i seal ice cream containers ? 
what property makes a liquid soapy / bubbly ? 
cooking safety and cricket flour
how do i color an egg black ? 
what is the most effective method to mince candied ginger ? 
will this pan works with induction ? 
garam masala paste for butter chicken
how can i prepare freshwater fish without completely cooking it ?  can i eat freshwater fish raw ? 
does boiling a salsa or bbq sauce for 30 min alter the taste ? 
reheat a turkey without drying it out ? 
how to convert blueberry muffin recipe to vanilla muffin recipe
can you freeze spring roll wraps ? 
unpeeled garlic cloves in french  /  belgian cooking ? 
why is honey heated and filtered for normal markets ? 
prepping to freeze ,  thaw and reheat
what are the differences between brown / golden sesame seeds and black ones ? 
how accurate is the window pane test ?   ( breadmaking ) 
botulism risk with refrigerated items
easiest way to strain fry oil ? 
what ' s an easy to use juicer that juices oranges as well as other fruit ? 
what is filter paper ? 
secret component to make spray dough
live tomato zucchini lasagna - what does live mean ? 
how to set up the sous vide bath for guineafowl breasts ? 
effect of flour / fat / sugar / egg ratio in a sponge pudding
how long can rye bread last ? 
fully cooked ,  but requires a minimum internal temperature ? 
can salted butter be used for yellow cake recipe ? 
how can i get my puff pastry to rise ? 
should tomatoes be stored in the fridge ? 
do breads always have to be baked in some vessels in an oven ?  if yes ,  then what shaped vessels would those be ? 
what does karate chop in a french bread dough mean ? 
freezing whole strawberries
what red wine goes with fish ? 
what is the best frying pan for even heating ,  using a large pan on a much smaller burner ? 
are there low-fat substitutes for shortening in baking ? 
what kind of cheese is the result of boiling milk with vinegar at home ? 
what ' s a good way to taste a variety of alcoholic beverages ? 
i left creme fraiche out of fridge for 2 hours it turned bad
is all bee ' s honey the same ? 
wooden cutting board turns black
why does my knife leave grey streaks in the butter ? 
open fire paella - do i need to fry rice ? 
bamboo cutting board
how to prevent orecchiette from sticking to each other while cooking ?  how to separate in water ? 
can i still use meat left out in the trunk
ways to store carrots for more days
is the oily liquid from roasting a turkey worth keeping ? 
do nuts ever go bad ? 
conversion rate in volume of fresh to dried beans
what ensures big holes in my bread ? 
how long will reconstituted beans last in the refrigerator ? 
how to make dutch pannekoek ? 
how can food cooked 1-2 hours ago be effectively reheated in a microwave ? 
how can i handle black pepper without sneezing ? 
is it okay to marinate brisket for 48 hours ? 
what can i use to flavor savory chicken stuffing instead of onion ? 
using elderberries in cooking
how long can i keep a leg of ham in the fridge ? 
when i pull the trigger on my cream whipper ,  it won ' t stop ,  even when released
why do my brownies inconsistently end up hard and thin ? 
will frozen pearl onions caramelize as easily as fresh ones will ? 
alternative to escolar  ( "butter fish" )  for nigirizushi
mothballs in the pantry: is it safe to keep food there ? 
tips / resources for learning how to plate dishes
chef ' s knife for cutting chicken ,  or butcher ' s
baking apple roses in oven in france ,  which mark should i choose ? 
cooked beef roast covered with red coloring
what part of the brisket is sold in uk ? 
to boil frozen food with chicken without microwave
how can i cook a perfect deep-fried mars bar ? 
is golden syrup with black around the edges bad ? 
how do you convert a cake recipe to make brownies ? 
what is size 2 pasta ? 
can refrigerated shredded mozzarella cheese go bad if the refrigerator door was left open overnight ? 
why do my stored cashews smell like fish ? 
what are some good tips or techniques for using a carbon steel wok on electric coil range ? 
how can i achieve the same texture as soft baked pepperidge farm cookies ? 
is it ok to microwave veggies without water instead of blanching them in a pot of water ? 
best apples for apple pie
cast iron to fridge ? 
would using seafood stock instead of chicken broth / stock work in a butternut squash soup ? 
are these coffee beans unroasted ? 
what does it mean to sort beans ? 
how can i accurately adjust for salt when using a "seasoning blend" or other ingredient that contains salt ? 
using jaggery as substitute for sugar
given i have to make the batter now to eat in 3-4hrs ,  what ' s the best way to store my pancakes  ( or the batter )  ? 
how do i determine if my mussels are fresh ? 
what to do when curdling occurs ? 
in a recipe ,  how much is "to taste" ? 
how do i get nooks and crannies in my english muffins ? 
cooking alcohol: how many calories are lost ? 
optimal cheese melting bagel baking temp / time
is it safe to drink the whey ? 
why prefer prime-cut sausage over msm sausage
can i use cottage cheese instead of cream cheese when making a cheesecake ? 
does kimchi go bad ? 
what are some alternative uses for bread heels ? 
swedish / finish dinner pancakes
oniony coleslaw
what temperature should i use for sous-vide chicken breasts ? 
what ' s special about ahi tuna ? 
why does melted asiago impart a strong numbing mouthfeel ? 
can flour be used interchangeably with starch ? 
coffee whipped cream filling
how to safely reuse scissors used to open food packaging multiple days in a row ? 
carbonated drinks in cocktail shakers ? 
what is the ideal hydration for bread dough ? 
how can i add meat into a completed tomato sauce ? 
using agar agar beyond its use by date
use by date on cacao butter
replace kosher pickle brine after leak
consuming cardamom pods
bread-machine recipes: are liquid ingredients fungible ? 
ganache coating on a roulade
can i descale / decalcify my coffee machine without a special product ? 
does temperature of water affect carbonation process
wasabi  ( peas )  brussel sprouts ? 
storage of pickle brine  ( without cucumbers ) 
what can i use to replace onions on sauces ? 
would it be advisable to partially pre-grill hamburgers and freeze so that they can be pan fried when a customer orders ? 
how many minutes in the oven per pound: stuffed turkey
is it better to add roasted vegetables into beef stew ? 
what is a cheap but good cut of beef for grilling ? 
how do i get the filling inside pte  choux ? 
what things are good to spherize with algin ? 
is it ok to include garlic when i can hot peppers ? 
are there any features of cookers that make them rodent resistant ? 
why is there a difference between softened and melted butter when baking ? 
can i use duck feet to make duck stock
what can i use to replace beet sugar syrup for cookies ? 
how do i use a chinese spoon ? 
when cooking pulled pork in a slow cooker ,  should the meat be submerged in liquid ? 
chicken defrosted on saturday can i eat it on monday
what vegetables oils are safe to use at high temperatures  ( 350 ,  maybe 400 f )   ,  say ,  stir fry or pan-frying chicken / fish ? 
what is considered to be an ideal roasting time and temperature for cauliflower ? 
what is the difference between green ,  white and black tea ? 
which method of cooking does the age of the egg matter least ? 
what ' s wrong with my technique in this belgian lige waffle recipe ? 
does this picture accurately describe different kind of coffee ? 
is hobgoblin a good substitute for newcastle brown in a beef stew recipe ? 
how might i roast coffee at home without investing in an expensive roasting machine ? 
corelle visions covered versa pot 1 . 25 l
lamb ribs - how to cook them
how to stop mushrooms from discoloring everything ? 
what are the differences between an induction stove and a regular electric stove ? 
how to know when bread / cake is bad
bread flour strength ? 
english name for cut of meat  ( cacho de paleta ) 
which foods are certain to never cause food poisoning ? 
no-knead bread: how long should i raise the dough in different tempratures ? 
some fishermen tell me i caught a trout salmon .  does this fish differ much from ordinary salmon ? 
are garlic cloves supposed to be put as whole or as chopped up pieces in a soup ? 
transfer pizza onto stone without sticking
soup is too salty ! 
freezing a frittata
can i use sous vide instead of pressure cooking
what is the difference between grits and polenta ? 
candied almonds made in a crock pot didn ' t harden ,  are still gooey
bread / pizza dough techniques
chiffon gets stiff overnight
easier way to shell out sunflower seeds
apple pie making .  .  . how to add the crumble crust on top of the mound of raw apples ? 
can i substitute grapeseed oil with peanut oil ? 
stew beef ,  overcooked or undercooked ? 
lemon juice as a natural preservative for soups
does this sound like a reasonable way to slow cook a rib-eye ? 
lifespan of chicken stock in fridge
how are chemical leaveners affected by moisture and cool temperature ? 
calcium chloride as substitute for sodium chloride
why did my ricotta cheese did not completely melt in the alfredo ? 
at what point should carrots be thrown away ? 
what can i substitute for rye flour ? 
what is this vietnamese food ? 
my tea bags are expired ,  can i still use them ? 
is my ragu missing an ingredient ? 
pan stain after roasting cheese
how does pudding make cake moister ? 
will meat taste okay if i cook it in a pan where the leftover fond seems burned ? 
crispy lembas bread recipe
what causes tea to be bitter ,  and how can i avoid that bitterness ? 
can i use brown sugar instead of white sugar in making fruitcake ? 
in england ,  can i buy fresh fish directly off the boat ? 
what makes lye food grade ? 
what happens to pound cakes if i forget the flour ? 
baking a cake in a larger / smaller pan
fridge temperature
can a convection microwave be used to dry fruit
bread book suggestions
how to reduce the chewiness of fruit leather
what does "combine dry ingredients through cloves" mean ? 
how long can i keep home made caesar dressing ? 
thick chocolate sauce
what variety of squash produces "flor de calabaza" ? 
can / should i use rapid rise yeast for longer proofing ? 
is there any reason not to decrystallize honey ? 
how do i know when my sauce is reduced enough ? 
how can i keep my jam from overcooking while i process it ? 
what cost-effective things can i do to help my knives stay sharp longer ? 
what to do with rotisserie chicken juices
how to bake frozen french fries
durable loaf pans for quick breads ? 
interval cooking vs regular cooking meat
how does the "suicide sauce" from hot licks rate on the scoville scale
what method of coffee preparation gives the most caffeine in the finished cup ? 
electric smoker and a charcoal smoker
how do i avoid hot fudge turning my ice cream into a soupy mess ? 
help roaster oven quit in the night ! 
make a cheese sauce that doesn ' t go solid when cooled
why might a cake collapse after cooking
what is the difference between clam chowder and new england style ? 
how do you reflavor nuts ? 
what kind of wok do i have ? 
what electronic tools are recommended for a cooking journal ? 
poached eggs at altitude ? 
is it worth putting potato skins in chicken stock ? 
how can i create this coconut milk ,  fruit ,  and veggie snack at home ? 
what is the type of cheese in "chips and cheese" uk fast-food ?   ( with photos ) 
chocolate chip cookies with whole wheat flour
what cut of beef do most restaurants use for carving roasts
how to store homemade bread ? 
how to make a pie crust out of plantains ? 
how to make muesli / granola bars crunchier ? 
about farm chicken
what to do with blueberry hot sauce
kimchi beef noodles
what should i do with my leftover bench flour ? 
how to achieve great baguette crusts
why do bananas turn black in the refrigerator ? 
did i store these potatoes incorrectly  ( found a bug inside )  ? 
tofu and chalkiness
how to store no yeast dough
can i use southeast asian fish sauce as a marinade ? 
baking bread with spelt flour ,  without using a bread pan
how do i tell if a cantaloupe is ripe ? 
how to change a vanilla cake recipe to make a chocolate cake ? 
what is the storage life for whey ? 
why did my gumbo stored in a metal pot refrigerated overnight change ? 
how to cook good "arepas" ? 
my butterscotch pie filling curdled ? 
what to do about yeast that doesn ' t work ? 
how to use herb extracts or essential oils in drinks
why won ' t my beans soften ? 
is there any tri-ply cookware where all the steel is 18 / 0 ? 
how do i stop porridge sticking to the pan ? 
using soft apples to make apple juice
can i make crme brle using a flamb ? 
are there any scientific advantages to using a cork to stop a wine bottle ? 
fully cooked sealed ham
substitutions for vegetable oil in cornbread
is it true that smell is lost flavor ? 
frozen corned beef left out to thaw , 
prevent uneven browning with breadcrumb chicken ? 
how long will ground beef stay good after being frozen ? 
is it possible to use casserole dish to make no-knead bread ? 
why does my milk bottle lid have two dates
what properties allow something to be considered "milk" ? 
can i use this ikea glassware on stove top ? 
what is the effect of the fat content of milk when making cheese ? 
pimenton ahumado vs .  pimenton de la vera
can coffee beans be roasted in an airfryer
will soaking chicken in milk hurt the chicken
why does a white sauce  ( bechamel , veloute )  sometimes turn grey ? 
what is zwieback toast and where can i find it ? 
what is the proper way to dispose of a kitchen knife ? 
how do you get the smell of fish off your hands ? 
will hard boiled eggs absorb salt through the shell ? 
are there any general principles of ingredient substitutions ? 
is sarsaparilla used in cooking ? 
what is the best way to making a great pavlova base ? 
what is the difference between baking soda and baking powder ? 
how to substitute unsweetened baker ' s chocolate for powdered cocoa in cake recipe
help me rescue my bland soup
pan size affecting evaporation time
which is a better option for making dosa batter .  indian mixie or us blender ? 
is it possible to turn rice krispies back into rice ? 
to chop or to blend ? 
how to prepare this  ( chinese )  snack ? 
what are the differences between slow cooking and poaching a chicken soup and how does slow cooking / poaching soup affect salt absorbtion ? 
can you use marinade twice if it was first used on precooked meat ? 
how did inventor robert c .  baker bind breading to chicken ? 
what is ganache ,  and how it is used in truffles ?  does it differ from chocopaste ? 
potato crisp making
can you safely use a cast-iron grill pan as a heat diffuser ? 
how to grease a pan without shortening or butter
accidentally refrigerated mayonnaise
making dumpling conserve better
using fresh pumpkin as a substitute for canned
cornmeal crust on chicken is too gritty ,  is there a way to fix after chx has been baked ? 
what is the difference between a macaron and an amaretti biscuit ? 
what would be a good accompaniment for ostrich fillet with port and blue cheese glaze ? 
how do i make macarons de paris in a neat shape and make them rise with the lip ? 
how can i save my mussels ? 
is this cooking method likely to yield a tasty pork chop ? 
what are the bubbles on the surface of cooking bacon ? 
what are the benefits of stewing on the hob over cooking in the oven ? 
at what point  ( after clams die )  are they ok to eat
how do you organize your recipes ? 
where can i get chocolate bar shaped silicone molds from in the uk ? 
how to reduce the eggs from over burnt at the sides in a wok ? 
curdling cream in lemon spaghetti
cooling a roast cooked in a crockpot
is curry ketchup just ketchup with curry powder ? 
how can i tell if homemade ginger syrup has gone bad ? 
when does gluten start to develop in pie crust or biscuits ? 
what happens to the heat / capsaicin content of a pepper when you roast it ? 
does the freshness of the ingredient impact the longevity of the cooked dish ? 
preparing salsa with a magic bullet
how do you keep corned beef from falling apart in the crockpot ? 
are there significant differences between different zesters ? 
if tomatoes are fruit
how do i make the ingredients in a burrito evenly distributed ? 
calories pre-cooked vs cooked
what can you surmise about coffee beans that have oil on them at the time of purchase ? 
how to get rid of raw taste of extra virgin olive oil ? 
what are the advantages of a santoku over a french chef ' s knife ? 
how do you determine whether a coconut is young or not by knocking on it ? 
rotisserie charcoal bbq - 50 lb boneless hip of beef .  cooking time
is there a difference between stew and casserole ? 
what is the relationship between salt and iodine ? 
are these vestigial seeds in a "seedless" orange ? 
test if whitish chocolate has bloom or is spoiled
i ' m using steel cut oats flour to make bread and muffins but the insides are mushy and wet
do i need to adjust recipes when using hard water
why powdered eggs ? 
how long will a balsamic reduction keep ? 
what is the meaning of reconstituted juice ? 
can i safely pressure can potato soup with milk in it ? 
replace the mouthfeel of consomm in vegetarian soup ? 
romano vs parmesan in cacio e pepe ? 
using cueritos  ( pork rinds )  for ground beef
new potatoes in pressure cooker with salt: how to optimize water amount and cooking time ? 
how effective are modern home refrigerators at keeping other foods cool when hot food is introduced to the space ? 
how do i modify cooking methods for a markedly smaller roast than most recipes state ? 
yellowness of egg yolk
cooling off a kettle-style grill
why do we need to soak dry fenugreek leaves in warm water ,  and then sprinkle salt over them ? 
reducing "gamy" flavor of turkey
how can i keep corned beef pink ? 
how does yeast feed on the water
is there any way to make crepes without a proper non-stick pan ? 
can i turn coarse coarnmeal into fine with a blender ? 
how do you reduce a cream sauce ? 
how to fold cabbage leaves for cooking ? 
buying first cast iron pan size / depth / shape
is a whole chicken still safe after 5 days marinating in the fridge ? 
how to preserve the green colour of mint when doing spherification ? 
are  ' premium '  spices worth the expense ? 
what is boudin made from ,  and how is it made ? 
using sourdough breads to reduce fructans
struggling to make jello
uncooked chicken overnight
why is my quiche soggy ? 
alkaline tasting bacon - is it safe ? 
cheese from uht milk
are they ' re any ovens that have programmable stove top element features like an oven start stop feature ? 
what can i substitute for butter in a custard-based pie ? 
cheese making ,  acidic whey ,  denatured protein
yeast amounts unsure
why does fat make chapati / parathas / pooris remain soft ? 
how to fry tortillas for poori ? 
minimal tasty preparation of raw chayote
how to roast peanuts for peanut butter ? 
frozen misto pump head
how to peel potatoes
how to recognize that a hard cheese is mouldy ? 
questions about a recently purchased wok
do these smoked ham hocks which contain dextrose ,  contain gluten ? 
do sprats need to be gutted ? 
reheating rice for 25 guests
toaster oven features - convection / rotisserie
what features are important in a hand mixer ? 
do you know of any good rectangular spice storage solutions ? 
how should i use extra summer squash ? 
how to keep dust and cat hair off cast iron pan ? 
ridges on knife steel ? 
how to polish wine glasses if my hand cannot reach in ? 
preventing crystalised dairy ice cream
what hot cereals can i cook by just adding hot water ? 
how long does eggwash keep ? 
how much to reduce salt when using salted butter in place of unsalted butter
how to hold and then poach egg yolks ? 
how do packaged cookies stay good for so long ? 
why did my turkey stock turn into gelatin ? 
what is "buttered sugar" ? 
is there a food that is halfway between a cheesecake and regular cake ? 
how can i bake bread using a mother culture ? 
can agar-agar be used in fondant icing in place of gelatin ? 
can i substitute glucose syrup for sugar in cake recipes ? 
jello and evaporated milk dessert
sushi  /  sashimi knives
what is the best chemical cleaning agent clean tough stains out of a microwave other than vinegar ,  baking soda and lemon juice ? 
what ' s the approximate dry to cooked weight conversion ratio for beans ? 
do you heat the pan first ,  then add oil ?  or put the oil in and heat up with the pan ? 
enameled cast iron vs stainless steel roasting pans
does ketchup belong in the fridge ,  or the cupboard ? 
how to get a nice ,  round home-made corn tortilla
does incorporating whipping cream in a chocolate syrup extend its shelf life ? 
mung bean sprouts developed a slight purple color on day 3 ? 
1 / 4 cup of whiskey in cupcake batter substitute what type of liquid ?  and use the same amount ? 
why would pumpkin pie form a clear custard layer ? 
can whole pablanos be frozen whole ? 
what ' s the purpose of a parchment lid ? 
vacuum-packed  ( or not ?  )  bacon ,  safe to use ? 
baked beans still firm after soaking and hours of cooking
brining a kosher bird
how can i tell if my raw meat has been pre-brined / injected ? 
how to store garlic ? 
what ' s the best pasta ,  and cooking approach ,  for making pasta salad ? 
how do i save my curry with too much of a raw onion smell ? 
does white whole wheat flour need to be refrigerated ? 
what happens to cheese as it ages ? 
can you freeze fruit pies after baking - will this ruin them ? 
tempering chocolate:  2 c too much ? 
cook lentils before or after shaping into veggie meatballs ? 
heat chicken breast in a pan with no oil - ok for the pan ? 
a manual meat slicer
vertical smoker cooking times
why whole peppercorns ? 
smoking boston butt and smoker went out - food safety
proper proportion of cream of tartar to baking soda for snickerdoodles
risotto and a complementing / contrasting broth corresponding to the meat
is it safe to eat fish that has been left out in the cold overnight ? 
does meat need to be washed before preparation ? 
what do the numbers used to differentiate chinese slicer knives mean ? 
sous vide timing for prime rib
halva smells like play-dough ?  a common ingredient ? 
does candy expire ? 
how do i clean kale and other leafy vegetables for cooking ? 
barbequeing with a charcoal grill
help translating an older recipe
why is my homemade pork sausage rubbery ? 
proper use of rhubarb
how do you prep bacalhau  ( salted cod fish )  before cooking ? 
what causes the difference between maine and canadian lobsters ? 
does gin "bruise" ? 
the recipe for chess pie includes cornmeal and vinegar-why ? 
how to make chunky salsa like supermarket jarred salsa ? 
achieve the crispiness of fried potatoes using baking
cure for burns from hot peppers  /  capsicum oil ? 
difference between boiling and steaming vegetables ? 
how long do you have to cook wild morel mushrooms for them to be safe ? 
search terms for potatoes inside of a bun
flavour enhancers
what ingredient gives vlaamse mayonnaise that special kick ? 
why don ' t the rhodes cinnamon rolls from a bag turn out as good as the ones in the foil pan ? 
holding sugar syrup at a consistent temperature
why did the skin of my tomatoes fracture after a few days in a refrigerator ? 
i burnt rice in a pressure cooker ,  do i need to throw my pressure cooker away now ? 
how do i make mayonnaise split ? 
how long does grease take to go bad / rancid when sitting out ? 
how can i make a taco shell ? 
can kvass be made without bread ? 
what types of cooking are pressure cookers most useful for ? 
oxtail soup - oxtail tightened up during simmering ? 
eggs sticking to the pan
is there any difference between a given cream and mix of different milks resulting in the same fat percentage ? 
how to carbonate a drink ? 
is wood a good alternative to charcoal for bbq fuel ? 
how does boiling impact the texture of tofu ? 
eggs  ,  can they go bad due to hot cold hot temperature  ' s
using ostrich and emu eggs
why was the cooking liquor for my mussels too dilute ? 
how do i cook frozen goya empanadas in the microwave ? 
countering the oven spring ,  on purpose
what kind of mussels are these ? 
repeatedly softening ice cream in the microwave
how do you cook a steak like those found in fine steakhouses ? 
is it possible to re-use pickling liquid ? 
what does cleave mean with regards to a pan of batter ? 
sour pickles with calcium chloride ? 
how should "vegetarian duck"  ( seitan )  be pre-prepared to substitute into a duck recipe
wouldn ' t this cake batter be too runny ?  would the coffee affect the texture ? 
how to prepare a vegetable base using roasted squash for savory tomato-chunk soup
can meat freeze from the inside out ? 
food container "not suitable for foods with a high fat or sugar content"
hulling pumpkin seeds - possible ?  easy ? 
can i filter out vanilla bean seeds ? 
why do my egg shells have discoloration ? 
how can i ensure a juicy beef burger patty ? 
why do we peel carrots ? 
do alcohol and salt help in preservation of dehydrated vegetables ? 
what is the rule of thumb for mixing doughs ? 
are there any differences in cooking techniques for farm raised salmon versus wild salmon ? 
can i create cream of tartar with tartaric acid and potassium hydroxide ? 
how do you make tomato paste ? 
how can i keep from burning a pan sauce ? 
best way to preserve nutrients while dehydrating fruit and veggies
is it possible to know how much the cake weighs using a specific size of cake pan before baking ? 
why does a pizza stone make my pizza dough bread-like ? 
how to wash vegetables without running water ? 
grind coffee with a blade grinder for a moka pot ? 
why did my omelette turn out different than usual ? 
mozzarella .  obtaining buffalo milk from whole milk and heavy cream
milk temperature for white sauce
a burger made from pastrami
is vanilla a flavour or just absence of flavour ? 
how can i prevent the odor in my dishwasher ? 
how to store fresh peaches ? 
can beef stew be reheated several times ? 
how can i make caramel that will hold its shape ,  without using refined sugar ? 
can i convert jam into chutney ? 
for peanut butter ,  do peanuts have to be roasted with their shells or without their shells ? 
how can i store truffles ? 
when boiling potatoes ,  should i put them in with the cold water or in to the hot ? 
steel cut oats: cooking in milk vs .  water
egg temperature for meringue
how to rescue a hollandaise with too much lemon
tempering chocolated fail ! 
how to clean scrambled eggs from a pan ? 
for reheating stuffing in the oven ,  how long would you bake it and at what temperature ? 
what is in eel sauce ? 
how do i prevent venison  ( for jerky )  from spoiling ? 
court-bouillon: why delay adding the wine and vinegar ? 
simple things to do with very tart plums ? 
how do you salvage a topped pizza that sticks to the peel ? 
are fluted knives a gimmick ? 
do you need eggs for extruded pasta dough ? 
is it ok to use an enamelled dutch oven on an electric stove top with the older ring burners ? 
can grapeseed oil be considered edible after it has passed the expiry date ? 
what ' s the difference between chutney and relish ? 
how can i serve banana flambe for the next day ? 
stainless steel pan -- gray bottom .  why ? 
what would adding wine  ( red or white ?  )  do when cooking vindaloo ? 
strawberry and fig vincotto
edible non toxic pencil alternative for baking stencils ? 
induction vs .  propane gas expense ? 
mixing ingredients ahead of time
what is the best recipe for chocolate mousse: with butter or cream ? 
what is this italian cookie called ? 
how should dashi made with kelp and bonito flakes smell ? 
how long to leave the sliced onion mixed with salt / pepper for onion bhaji / onion fritters / onion pakoras ? 
improve flavor of sorbet made in magic bullet ? 
substitute for coconut in macaroons
use avocado instead of butter to bake a cake ? 
is it true that good pistachio nuts should have yellowish shell ,  purplish skin and greenish flesh ? 
how can i dice vegetables on a small cutting board ? 
what ' s the best method for preparing a smoked cod roe breakfast ? 
how do i change cake recipes for cupcakes ? 
possible to cook with a wok on an electric hot plate ? 
can i use a nonstick or stainless steel pan to bake a cake in a microwave
if uncooked rice is soaked for 2 day ,  is it still safe to eat  ( after it ' s cooked )  ? 
are recirculation extractor hoods good ? 
rice: measuring water after washing it
does the type of strainer built in a teapot matter ? 
quality of frozen salmon  ( fish in general ) 
bbq rib problem ,  need suggestions
what is pizza sauce ? 
which are recipes for "rolled fondant" ? 
how to make your own tempeh ? 
how to cook st-hubert  la king sauce ? 
jam "separates" in processing
laotion  ( thai / viet )  style sticky rice ,  after making sticky rice do you knead the rice in something specific ? 
in a recipe ,  yogurt toughens potatoes but whipping cream does not
should eggnog be chunky ? 
can egg be scrambled inside shell ? 
what causes bchamel sauce to get so clumpy ? 
how long can i store mole ? 
cheese fondue not binding
how can i tell the difference between a rabbit and a cat ? 
what do these additions to common spice mixes do with your dish ? 
how can i ensure food safety if my cooking utensils have touched raw meat ? 
how to halve a cake recipe ? 
misto nozzle leaks
minimum liquid to make solid dough
what does non-tempered couverture chocolate taste like ? 
shelf-life of pressure-canned soups - is it still good ? 
what temperature does "keep refrigerated" mean ? 
adding lime juice to green curry paste and heating
what is the affect of adding alkaline or acidic substances to wheat flour ? 
how do i make candy shells ? 
why are my doughnuts raw in the middle ? 
flavour combinations - structural analysis
homemade buffalo sauce
how to stuff brown sugar croissants ? 
why should dried mushrooms be soaked in warm water ? 
salads that are made of tomatoes ,  onion ,  chilli ,  coriander ,  salt and lemon
royal icing - how important is accurate measuring ? 
i want to make a mug cake ,  can i use hot chocolate mix instead of cocoa ? 
sliced white american cheese
why doesn ' t my lemon posset thicken ?  what am i most likely doing wrong ? 
substituting some sugar for stevia
can i replace eggs ,  oil and water with apple sauce or just eggs ? 
can you cook a 25 lb turkey in an oven that is 9 inches from the bottom rack to the heating elements ? 
what is the inside texture of a japanese croquette ? 
french dressing will not blend or mix to be creamy
how do i make restaurant-quality white wine sauce ? 
how to wash soft fruit ? 
how to see if cast iron cookware is enameled ? 
what is the most comfort temperature for tea ? 
cheese cutting tools
flavorings for clear gelatin
how can i use persimmons in a cooked dish ? 
how heavy should a chinese chef ' s knife be ? 
how long will eggless pasta dough last in the fridge ? 
how do i cook large quantities of boston pork butt ? 
how do i scale a recipe that calls for boiling off liquid ? 
annatto oil substitute
is it important to warm the flour before making bread ? 
how long do you let a turkey rest after cooking ? 
mug-cake mix at home
what is a mealy tomato ,  and how would one use one ? 
secret ingredient in a restaurant bolognese
olive oil ,  canola oil ,  or almond oil
adding too much flour to bread dough in kitchenaid stand mixer ? 
protein in mayonnaise .  .  . none ? 
where can i buy a goose ? 
does having spoiling food in your fridge cause other food to spoil faster ? 
what is the purpose of tempering chocolate ? 
"old wild west" secret sauce
are chia powder and ground chia the same product ? 
bread recipe calls for dry milk powder .  can i use dry buttermilk powder ? 
can i pasteurize milk in a jam jar ? 
are non-stick bread pans destined to fail ? 
refreezing fish ?  safe ? 
is there a plastic bowl / dish that can withstand high temperature in the oven ? 
what is black vinegar ? 
how do i tone down onion sharpness already in the chicken salad ? 
can i steam-cook food in a distiller ? 
can i substitute quinoa flour for bleached flour in a baking recipe ? 
deep-frying stuffed mushrooms ? 
how do i add butter to a sponge cake ? 
boiling lentils in chicken stock ? 
overpressurizing a cream whipper ? 
how to prevent cucumbers from tasting bitter ? 
tartine + sourdough taste
safe to use some vanilla pods that have been fished out of another recipe ? 
will swapping the red wine in my spaghetti bolognese with port wreck the dish ? 
why do we eat unripened chili peppers ? 
is there an alternative to cornstarch when used to thicken a pie filling
is this coconut spoiled ? 
how can i keep the shape of my free-form bread dough when it is rising ? 
what is the difference between white and brown eggs ? 
sweet rice recipe help ?  panama cook book recipe
effect of carbonated water on the rising of the dough ? 
what is caster / castor sugar ? 
three day old pancake batter with grey spots
does heat distribution vary between uncoated stainless steel pans and non-stick pans ? 
mixing mozzarella without clumping
when should i press garlic and when should i chop it ? 
grinding dried chiles in a mortar and pestle ? 
how long can i safely keep a thawing pork shoulder in the fridge ? 
buy omega 3 eggs in bulk ? 
how to store squash ? 
how to get heat high enough for stir fry ? 
finding the right coffee grind
what is the hottest part of a chili / chilli / chile pepper ? 
neapolitan pizza in a regular gas oven
what difference does oxygen content of tea water make ? 
what is the difference in flavor between a fermented pickle and a vinegar pickle ? 
why must potato salad be placed in the refrigerator before serving ? 
what is a good book about soup ? 
how long does it take to warm a ham in the oven ? 
frying - oil foams
what ' s the difference between fresh and frozen blueberries for baking ? 
what can i do to help my avocados ripen ? 
how can i store root ginger for maximum shelf life ? 
how to make smooth chumus ? 
how to clean an all-clad stainless steel pan
how do i prevent burned chicken breasts when cooking on the stovetop ? 
can i use chocolate chips in place of semi-sweet baking chocolate ? 
lunch meat is slimy on outside ? 
culinarily flexible pepper
is there any way to kill bacteria in food without using heat ? 
is there a name for the mushy sludge that forms around / benath meat as it cooks ? 
what is the enzyme that makes apples ' s pectin heat resistant ?  and can it be added to other fruits to achieve similar results ? 
what exactly is essence ? 
what kind of rice to serve with indian butter chicken  ( murgh makhani )  ? 
how do i stop my pans boiling over ? 
how to pop a tiny champagne cork ? 
what is the proper oven rack height position for baking cakes and cookies ? 
will meat overcook in a boiling water pot ? 
how to prepare chicken tartare ? 
why is putting an egg in the microwave not recommended ? 
breaking down a turkey for storage - brine before or after freezing ? 
will store bought chicken eggs hatch ? 
if i put peanuts in a coffee grinder ,  will i get peanut butter or peanut powder ? 
local special ingredients on cape cod
make kiwifruit sauce less sour without sugar ? 
homemade yogurt aftertaste
is pickwick green tea deceffeinated ? 
will msg improve taste of a food for someone who dislikes the food itself or will it make it worse ? 
what can i do with 2 lbs .  of pecans ? 
can i freeze tzatziki sauce ? 
why did my fresh pasta come out pasty and lumpy ? 
what should i do with a just-baked lasanga ? 
what ' s the difference between prosciutto ,  jamon serrano and speck ? 
why does my meat never thaw in the fridge ? 
does milk  ( fat )  change in winter ? 
can i make baked veal more soft ? 
should i store my uncooked marinated chicken wings in the freezer ? 
how to thicken a sour cream recipe ? 
why microwaves do not kill harmful bacteria as well as boiling ? 
does sugar inhibit mold growth ? 
can store bought salmon be used for sashimi ? 
what are some good gluten-free food alternatives ? 
how can vegans alleviate the effects of spicy food ? 
how does food cook differently on an open top grill than a covered one ? 
homemade coconut flavoured yogurt ? 
using pectin as a fat replacement
can i cook  ( boil )  vegetables in the same pot two times in a row without washing the pot ? 
when i ' m separating egg whites ,  how much does it matter if a little yolk gets in ? 
are you supposed to eat the rind of brie cheese ? 
how to tell if it is honey ,  super filtered honey ,  or corn syrup ? 
what can i make with the broken corn chips at the bottom of the bag ? 
can gravlax be prepared from frozen salmon ? 
what is this really tasty part of a chicken found in a cavity in the hip ? 
what can i add to boiled lollies to stop them from melting in humid weather ? 
converting stand mixing time to hand mixing
how can i bake crunchy chocolate chip cookies ? 
non-glass baking containers for both microwave and oven use
frying pan - heat distribution
accidentally baked flatbread with oxygen absorber -- is flatbread safe to eat ? 
how to make honey roasted peanuts just like planters ? 
is cornstarch a less effective thickener when used with gelatin ? 
in my new mixer ,  my bread dough gets wrapped around the kneading hook .  what should i do ? 
kimchi not very fermented ,  did not expand or get juicy
what foods *require* a food processor ? 
i moved to us recently from india and i am looking for plastic jars for storage , 
can i freeze raw liver and meat ? 
why non-flavored variant is usually vanilla ? 
would this cheat puff pastry really work ? 
seville oranges for marmalade - how important is freshness ? 
starch content of dehydrated potatoes
cracking almonds without a nutcracker ? 
what is "irish moss" ? 
what is the difference between sour cream & butter in baked goods ? 
is eating cookie dough without egg safe ? 
replacing toaster oven with convection oven or convection microwave ? 
get chocolate eggs out of silicone mold
how to store pancakes
i over seasoned bbq chicken with too much salt how do i fix it
bought meat left out over night  .  . is it safe to eat ? 
how long do i cook my brisket ? 
how to blanch and peel nuts ? 
wondering if the bottle of wine i have is still good or not
cooked corn kernels ,  but not from corn cob
thawing uncooked chicken
are the leftovers from making stock good for anything ? 
how long should it take to bbq half a chicken ? 
how do you properly wash hands after dealing with raw chicken ? 
omelet help .  .  .  .  gah why is it so hard ? 
effect of xanthan gum on agar agar gels ? 
slow cooker bourbon meat recipe bitter
is there an official standard vegan packaging symbol designating that a product is vegan ? 
cooked meat in slow cooker on warm .  can it still be safe to eat ? 
how long will tiramis made with raw egg keep ? 
would pre-sliced ,  pre-packaged fish be considered sushi grade if i freeze it for at least a week before consumption ? 
refreeze ground hamburger as hamburgers after thawing ? 
name of an indian dish with stuffed whole potatoes
why does my bread burn at the bottom before it is done ? 
the center is still cold when i deep fry my precooked frozen chicken
why does my spinach pasta break when i run it through the cutter ? 
when should i flavor my bolognese ? 
how to select a coffee powder for preparing turkish coffee ? 
what is the most efficient way to remove kernels from a corn cob ? 
peeling tomatoes
how can i make my garlic bread less soggy ? 
what would be a good substitute for coconut milk in curry sauces ? 
how long can i store soaked beans before cooking ? 
shelf life of spices
"shelf"-life of frozen kaffir lime leaves
my cheese melted while in the fridge ? 
can vegetables be roasted at lower temperatures ? 
can demi glace be done with fewer steps
how to prepare gnocchi dough for mixed ingredients ? 
chiffon cake deflating
what determines the variety of paprika to use in recipes ? 
what can be used to thicken chili other than masa harina ? 
refrigerating after reheating ? 
why not mix meat or poultry with fish ? 
eggs smelled bad but not anymore when i put them in the ref
ramen with egg :: screwed up something
what is this grilling utensil with two wire mesh panels ? 
why do cinnamon sticks taste sweet ? 
what are the different effects that different washes produce in baked goods ? 
steel honing rod vs ceramic honing rod
yeast substitutes and proper measurements
dense pizza dough- need help !  how to make lighter and more airy pizza ? 
how to clean dill ? 
how do you make yorkshire puddings rise reliably ? 
how do i get the smell of burnt food off of the inside of my microwave oven ? 
safety of adding dried hot pepper to opened jar of pickles
achieving perfection via manual drip-brew coffee method
understanding the steps to prepare sushi rice
can i dehydrate multiple different types of food at the same time ? 
why are there no nutrition facts on this us bottle of vinegar ? 
taking it to the next level ,  systematically
crock-pot / slow-cooker basmati sushi / ketupat
should i par-boil my pickled potatoes before roasting them ? 
over cooking shiitake mushrooms ? 
using a large pot / pan on a smaller burner
american "bacon roll" - what is it ? 
rpm for milk frothing ? 
why did my sauce get lumpy after being frozen ? 
how do you wash fruit and veggies effectively ? 
too much cardamom in apple butter
how do i drain sauerkraut ? 
reduce calories in batter-baked vegetables ? 
what is this dipped powder cookie called ? 
freeze ice to far below 0 celsius ? 
what makes alcohol-free beer sweet ? 
how can i make my almond buns rise evenly ? 
how to make the perfect root beer
is it possible to identify the quality of fish after cooking the fish ? 
how prevalent was foodborne botulism before stricter food safety guidelines ? 
tabasco flavor without pain ? 
black tea develops cloudy dregs; how to avoid ? 
why is butter incorporated into the dough last when making brioche ? 
oats with milk without microwave
baking time adjustment when baking large quantity of fish
do i need to peel a red kuri squash ? 
should my chicken sit in liquid as it roasts ,  or not ? 
tuna alternatives
do i need sugar for zabaglione ? 
why did my attempt at pan-searing beef filets fail miserably ? 
should i finish teriyaki sauce with butter ? 
how do you protect a pizza peel ? 
can i cook chicken in the over after leaving them sitting in the oven all night ? 
what can i do to " fresh cream" to substitute "double cream" ? 
marinara sauce with too much oregano and tomato paste
working with sticky dough for pizza making
which factors determine the absorption levels of foods ? 
polenta problem
sugar / salt frosted around the top of a cup / mug
can i use cookie cutter shapes in a frying pan ? 
is there an easy way to trim the ends off green beans quickly ? 
how do you finely dice an onion without crying ? 
why does my rice cooker ' s steam hole always clog ? 
why was our garlic butter made in france ,  much nicer than garlic butter in england ? 
how do i control the shape of my spheres ? 
is blanch freezing vegetables required for short term storage ? 
can i use any sort of pumpkin for pumpkin pie ? 
help - thawed frozen lasagne issues
why is the texture of my chocolate chip cookies foamy ? 
stretchy lebanese flatbread ? 
cooking indian curry with yogurt
griddle pan vs .  large frypan ? 
is powdered sugar a dietary alternative to granulated sugar ? 
why do my cookies deflate when coming out of the oven ? 
egg whites won ' t stiffen
dealing with frozen ground beef
how to make a cappuccino not overflow ? 
olive oil vs almond oil for frying ground beef ? 
pan vs oven cooking
how can you tell if a freezer rose above freezing ? 
storing butter for longer than a month
do leeks need to be softened ? 
culturing yeast in dough
how does a splash of vinegar help when poaching eggs ? 
why is there liquid in my macaroni salad ,  potato salad and tuna salad the day after making them ? 
shiraz  /  persian  /  wild figs - how to eat them right ?  how to extract as much flavor as possible ? 
how to dice tomatoes ? 
what is a "bubble gum" flavor
how far ahead of time can i make or bake a bread with fruit and honey in it ? 
can i eat eggs that are cooked over 3 hours with low temperature looking a bit brown ? 
is picante sauce a type of salsa ? 
how can i put a hot dog in a bun without splitting the bun ? 
how can i optimize the use of my convection oven ? 
i don ' t care about the non stick property of a non stick pot .  is there any harm in washing it in a dishwasher ? 
what can i substitute for rice flour in a gluten-free pizza ? 
how much is a bunch of spinach ? 
what is: yellow flour ? 
why did my jello not set ? 
how deeply will the flavors in a brine penetrate chicken ? 
what temperature to scramble eggs at ? 
steeping coffee in milk
what does "draft-free" mean ? 
what are other uses for vegemite or marmite besides as a spread ? 
raised brown spots on garlic
how do i keep an egg from cracking while being boiled ? 
can i get botulism by using 2 cups vinegar to 8 cups water when canning pickles - as most recipes require 1:1 ratio of vinegar to water ? 
how come my dishwasher leaves grime on dishes ? 
making your own drink powders ? 
fannie ' s books and derivatives
can you freeze an avocado ? 
how can i improve my barbecue sauce recipe ? 
how long does marsala wine last ,  after opening ? 
how should i sautee portobello mushrooms ? 
how to pick avocadoes with small seeds ? 
"pie" vs "tart" ? 
can you store oil in a container that is not airtight ? 
canning chow chow
why does my lime peel-alcohol infusion become cloudy when mixed with water ? 
are reddish egg whites safe to eat ? 
pre-soaking tea in cold water prior to brewing
why is the dishwasher not recommended for my all-clad mc2 line of pot and pans ? 
can you estimate how long it takes to reduce a liquid ? 
how to do frozen yogurt
do raisins have a maximum shelf life ? 
bagels not rising
can i make buckwheat flour starting from toasted buckwheat ? 
how do i sweat onions ? 
does any blender also do up-down shaking movement ? 
clear cauliflower and blue cheese soup - how to get it clear
how should soda made with "ginger bug" smell / taste ? 
if a us recipe specifies  ' vegetable oil '  what type of oil should i use in the uk ? 
fat free oil substitute
how to season iron cookware on gas stove ? 
can i cook pasta without heating it up .  .  .  ever ? 
what does melted butter do in a swiss roll recipe ? 
how to make sure that potatoes are boiled properly ? 
bisquick breakfast casserole with cooked eggs
what is the best way to store fresh berries ? 
butter substitute for 1 cup of butter for baking
how can i get chewy chocolate chip cookies ? 
brown line in back of shrimp
how do i dissolve chunky powder completely in milk ? 
what cut of beef can i use to make "sukiyaki beef" ? 
combining melted chocolate with eggs
can you make a sauce with beer ? 
wok patina; when to redo seasoning ? 
what ' s the black thing at the bottom of navel oranges ? 
pa style fried chicken with no breading or batter ,  just a thin amber color crisp coating
what happens if i add corn before bringing the water to a boil ? 
keep chicken with skin from catching on fire on the barbeque
does preparation of food change the nutritional content with respect to fat type ? 
frozen veggies meets gumbo = flavorless .  how to add flavor ? 
how do i make a caramel disk ? 
thawed frozen blueberries inside cake roll ? 
how to cook brussells sprouts and sweet potates in one oven ? 
straining methods for liquids to be used in whipping siphon
why does my red wine reduction go  ' grainy '  ? 
is it possible to substitute butter with egg yolks in cookie dough ? 
what are the fundamental differences between citrus fruits that necessitate different cooking techniques ? 
food safety concerns regarding cooked steak stored in the fridge
how do i cook toast on an aga ? 
how can you pre-bake coca  ( pizza )  ? 
too much sugar in soup -- how to make it less cloying ? 
cooking rice overnight ? 
do you need a pressure cooker to can home-made salsa ? 
are olives always salty
what are some appropriate accompaniments for satay ? 
how do i make my cheese "crackers" less greasy ? 
squash casserole: reducing the water content ? 
is it problematic to use the water in which the pinto beans are soaked ,  for cooking the pinto beans ? 
is it a good idea or a waste to fry with olive oil ? 
why are zucchini ' s refrigerated ,  but not acorn and spaghetti squash ? 
amount of chocolate-chips in a chocolate-chip cookie ? 
can i freeze dried rice noodles after they ' ve been rehydrated ? 
what can i substitute for puff pastry ? 
what is a clove of garlic ? 
too big tin for meringue cake recipe .  how to solve ? 
salt curing duck breast
how to chill and reheat three layer pork properly
substitute for celery in soup
why did my mozzarella turn out like ricotta ? 
how long to cook multiple food items with varying temperatures ? 
replacement for the ring seal or gasket in a blender
why pasta keeps always damp and moist when i cook it ? 
making cherry ice cream ,  should i macerate the cherries ? 
how do the various methods of roasting beef compare ? 
which red pepper to use ? 
knife for cutting steak slices from whole ribeye ? 
how do you get the flavor out of dried peppers ? 
what changes can i make to a bread recipe to prevent it collapsing when rising overnight in fridge ? 
how to cook beansprouts so that they remain crispy
does anybody recognize this finnish dill sauce ? 
what are speed ovens  ( combo microwave  /  oven )  good or not good at ? 
paella and seafood casserole
baking soda accident in pretzel dough - can it be salvaged ? 
do i need to boil filled jam / chutney jars ? 
how to make jell-o less sweet ? 
how to make part bake baguettes and rolls ? 
can i leave my cinnamon bars unbaked in the fridge for a few hours ? 
would honey and molasses be liquids or sugars in a bread formula ? 
how can i reduce the heat output of this heating element ? 
adding pasta to soup
how can i make this cool chocolate shape ? 
how do you defrost frozen chili peppers without them turning soggy ? 
using a square tin in a small oven
what device to use to chop / dice tomatoes ? 
why are my macarons cracking on top ? 
what fruit pair well with spinach ? 
how to reduce the moisture when making tarte tatin
how do i separate egg white ? 
how to transport fresh ravioli to office potluck ? 
what cut of ground beef is ideal to mix with ground lamb for kofta ? 
how to compensate for the unavailability of italian basil in authentic italian pasta sauce ? 
how do i know if a frying pan is suitable for a glass ceramic cooker ? 
how much difference does the placement of the shelf in the oven make to the final outcome of a cake ? 
stewing beef - how long is too long ? 
forgot sugar in sugar cookies
tips to make pizza dough workable
what ' s the difference between using stock and water ? 
can you freeze egg noodle pasta ? 
baking bread for fishing bait
what are those cakes called which don ' t have an icing on them ? 
what care should be taken to prepare dough and chapatis with rice flour ? 
oil dates ,  if a cooking oil has never been open how long past the "use by date" would be acceptable ? 
how do i prevent jams from turning brown ? 
where can i find or make irish cream soda ? 
how to sweeten ganache for a chocolate lining
using fresh compressed cake yeast in bread machine
pesto after doing a sauce or before ? 
what can i use instead of amaranto ? 
using a ceramic honing rod for global knives ? 
what does "do . " mean in old recipes ? 
does searing cause more or less oil to be absorbed than frying ? 
how to substitute butter with combination of butter and shortening in cookie / biscuit making ? 
flavour-wise ,  what is the use of an electric / gas bbq ? 
i left unopened pack of lamb burgers to thaw on the counter for 2-3 hours
can i substitute potato starch  ( katakuriko )  for cornstarch in a cookie recipe ? 
what temperature and time do i need to bake a 35cm madeira cake ? 
butcher / cooking twine - safe for bbq ? 
do i have to tie my turkey legs together ? 
will these mince pies still be good and / or safe to consume ? 
what does make ice cream smooth and silky ? 
new to jam making - do i need to can ? 
i love food and the public but my body can ' t handle it anymore
identifying quality fruits / vegetables at a farmers market
is there a way to prep mutton in order to ease its strong flavor ? 
what is the best way to hold a sphere and for how long ? 
how do i speed up the preparation time for chocolate chip cookies ? 
using fermenting muesli to make muffins
how can i avoid getting swindled ?  how can i detect polyphosphates in fish fillets ? 
very bitter cocoa powder measurement
how-to cut baking chocolate bar clean for perfect squares
how much time is required to bake ? 
is pickled herring cooked ? 
how to determine perfect pan temperature for steak ? 
how best to store roast coffee beans ? 
will a dishwasher sterilize bottles for canning ? 
how long can you keep chocolate in the freezer ? 
can i re-use unfiltered frying oil from night before ? 
how should i adjust the baking temperature ? 
what are the reasons for sauteeing with fat ? 
can i eat white vinegar if it has tons of deposits in it ? 
what is the "grain" in 45 grain brown rice vinegar ? 
cooking moose meats
how do i get more flavor in the interior of a brisket ? 
any good substitutes for tamarind in beef rendang ? 
can i sprout grains / legumes / seeds i buy in bulk from whole foods ? 
can you add alcohol to chocolate being tempered ? 
storing white chocolate
dense and gluey centered cake problem
how important is fresh ground coffee vs a good coffee grinder ? 
how should i make jam out of coffee cherries or coffee cherry husks ? 
does the calorie count of these pistachio nuts include the shell ? 
cause of watermelon rind rotting  ( at room temperature ) 
cooking a tender pork sirloin  ( solomillo alwhisky ) 
which is a typically american way of seasoning spaghetti and other pasta ? 
make ahead quesadillas
clarified butter for hot sauce ? 
why are olives always better at the restaurant ? 
do i need to cook the meat filling before stuffing ravioli ? 
is foreigner-grade vb sold within australia ? 
cookie biscuits: what happened ? 
is leaving eggs out of the fridge ,  prior to cooking them a direct cause as to how shell break ? 
why doesn ' t acacia honey crystallize ? 
need help identifying a kitchen tool ,  with a wooden handle ,  and a cylindrical cutter
what is the equivelant of 1 teaspoon of vanilla extract in organic vanilla bean paste ,  is it teaspoon for teaspoon ? 
tough roast .  .  what ' s going wrong ? 
how to thicken a white wine sauce to drizzle over prawns ? 
how do you drain velveeta rotini & cheese with broccoli ,  without losing the rehydrated broccoli ? 
ingredient selection for canadian poutine dish
frying only one side of eggs on a pan
when making soda bread ,  45 min on baking sheet or 15 min on cast iron skillet ? 
is there any advantage of filleting a fish at home instead of buying a fillet ? 
what adjustments are needed to change a pie recipe to a turnover recipe ? 
how can i be sure i ' m buying the right kitchenaid beaters ? 
baby lamb leg - possible to slow roast ? 
what is the fastest appliance / utensil to cream butter and sugar with ? 
what is the difference between tripe and offal ? 
proper kitchen temperature for doing "fermentation"
what exactly are bamboo shoots ? 
is it safe to eat raw green beans which have been in brine at room temperature ? 
secrets to making crystal clear gelatin ? 
can non-dairy creamer be used to make desserts like rice pudding ? 
when making crockpot chili and adding raw hamburger ,  won ' t that make the chili greasy if not strained ? 
why use a pressure cooker for collagen to gelatin conversion ? 
how to clean an induction stove from overheat ? 
how do i convert a grilling recipe to an oven /  broiling recipe ? 
what is the best way to thaw chicken for use tonight ? 
how do i ensure that i cook scallops all the way through ? 
safe to leave meat out for a couple of hours ? 
amount of baking powder in a muffin recipe
is it okay to use stainless steel in oven ? 
is jerky safe concerning parasites ? 
how to strain yogurt
cleaning bacon in new cast iron
what ' s the difference between dried split peas and dried snack peas such as wasabi peas ? 
reheating pork loin roast for a party
how long will spaghetti and meat sauce last in the refrigerator ? 
how do i melt the chocolate in a s ' more ? 
is it safe to eat raw fish ? 
how are commercial protein bars made so dense ? 
do i need hard or soft brown sugar for brownies ? 
what is the name of the sauce served with fried rice in indian restaurants
how long can i keep eggs past the sell by date and still eat them ? 
where can i purchase a "wonder pot" ? 
does a silicone cutting board really work well ? 
what can i use instead of cornstarch in turkish delight ? 
how to remove bits of egg shell from a cracked egg ? 
what can i use instead of clam juice ? 
infusing chilies in alcohol
uncooked meatballs out in crockpot all day ? 
gray film on my stainless steel stockpot food safe ? 
small ,  medium or large eggs
is it worth roasting my own red peppers ? 
how to deal with flare up when broiling a steak ? 
unbreakable microwave safe plates ? 
how can i prevent pan fried chicken from becoming too chewy ? 
can i make meringues with commercial egg whites ? 
how to salvage a cookie dough that is too sweet ? 
about  ' sharpening"; do you push or pull the blade across the stone ? 
how to make many pizzas for large party ? 
which fuels  ( burning materials )  are healthy safe in a wood fired oven ? 
food-safe rotary evaporator grease
oven temperature vs time adjustments
can clotted cream be made with uht cream ? 
what is liquid glucose ? 
why didn ' t the whey separate from the curds when i tried to make shankgleesh cheese ? 
how to reproduce meat flavor
what is  ' bread improver '  ? 
how can i safely use a blender with hot liquids ? 
do all new cast iron pans and skillets have a protective coating on them ,  which must be removed ? 
what is the correct way to make "brazil style" bbq meat ? 
using melted butter when making shortbread
sprinkled versus rubbing steak "rub"
how to cook rice in an electric oven meant for baking cakes ? 
how long before steak is at room temperature ? 
remediation methods for rice contaminated with broken glass
bear in a crock pot
how to make chapattis round and of same thickness ? 
"screaming" noise while steaming milk ? 
does caramelizing an onion increase its non-dietary fiber carbohydrates ? 
how to use a honey dipper ? 
what went wrong with this bundt cake ? 
can i make a bchamel sauce with coconut cream ? 
what can "modified" mean when describing an ingredient ? 
sourdough starter began acting strange after storing in fridge
french bread falls after scoring ,  how can i achieve a tall loaf
substitute cayenne pepper for black pepper
where can i buy salsify in the uk ? 
is it safe to eat off of partially tarnished silver ? 
what cut of meat is used to make shabu shabu ? 
do recipes which measure flour by volume assume that i ' ll sift the flour ? 
pan instead of a skillet
how is apple syrup made ? 
how is long-lasting whipped cream made ? 
making meat pies for the freezer
what tastes like marigold ? 
how should you saute in butter ? 
electric stove burner wattage matter ? 
why did some leaves of my fresh fenugreek turn yellow after a few days of purchase ,  and how to prevent the leaves from turing yellow ? 
reuse frying & sauce pans multiple times during cooking session
will these types of pots work for cooking gumbo ? 
trying to find the actual name of an eastern european distilled beverage
how to store live scallops ? 
problem making homemade bounty bars
uses for fondue broth ? 
do i put the pot roast above or below the vegetables in my crock pot ? 
pitas are paper thin on one side
what can i use instead of swede  ( rutabaga )  when making pickle relish
worm in dry bread ,  what is it ? 
can i use an enameled trivet on the stove top ? 
converting frozen hash brown patties from oven cooking to stove top
cream separates to oil when heated
which baking dish is best to bake a banana bread ? 
how should i cook bacon in an oven ? 
can whole chilli peppers be frozen ? 
recipes for cookie cutters vs drop cookies
chicken thighs that don ' t seem right
what ' s the best way to store unused sushi rice ? 
half and half bread ,  too salty and no salt ? 
what might be a flavor substitution for someone with an onion allergy ? 
substitute double cream for butter ? 
how long will a fresh herb paste last ? 
browning beef stew  ( safety question ) 
what do you use to make tzatziki sauce ?  garlic or onions ? 
egg integrity / safety
are these beets still edible ? 
good ways to store coffee ? 
what does it mean when a recipe calls for coring a tomato ? 
keeping scrambled eggs with tomatoes from being too watery
how common are worms in dried mushrooms ? 
can i reduce a prawn / shrimp broth
non-alcoholic mint julep ? 
carrots turning dark at heads ,  and on skin after chopping ? 
why does my souffl collapse in the oven ? 
is there a vegetarian gelatin substitute that is as strong as gelatin ? 
substitute for salt
chinese alternative to olive oil ? 
pork butt roast: slicing temp vs pulling temp
can i reuse coconut oil for cooking ? 
what is the fastest way to cool hot soup ? 
what could i use in a vegetarian b ' stilla ? 
how do i control the smoke from a chimney starter ? 
how to fix food that got extra salty ? 
good uses for leftover bechamel ? 
alternative to cream for fried chicken recipe
tan ho ,  a salad green ? 
sous vide octopus for maximum tenderness
caramels turn out too sweet
pickles  ( cucumbers )  came out a little soggy after canning
saran wrap changed ? 
can i use lye as a leavener instead of baking soda ? 
how should i prepare the coffee to be used in my tiramisu ? 
do free range eggs have different cooking properties ? 
how often should knives be sharpened ? 
how can i keep greengage jam green rather than orangey brown ? 
getting a cast iron skillet surface smooth
internal temperature of cuts containing abundance of connective tissue
can i use 3 jalapenos in place of 1 habanero ? 
is it necessary to remove the seeds of tinda before cooking tinda sabji ? 
why does sauce go watery after freezing ? 
mold or dry sourdough starter ?   ( pic included ) 
how long should tilapia filets of normal thickness be broiled ? 
can evaporated milk be converted to "regular" milk ? 
what ' s the fastest way to seed grapes  ( e . g .  ,  concordes )  ? 
how to clean settled oil fumes from cabinets ? 
how to make chocolate milk
what is the correct order to both marinate and velvet the meat ? 
is it okay to freeze a cheesecake for a shorter period of time as opposed to chilling it longer ? 
creme fraiche 1 month out of date ! 
fridge life of boiled veggies  ( uncooked ) 
which type of chilli peppers for which cuisine ? 
nonstick pans: purpose ,  cleaning and heating
preserving eggnog
starting the maillard reaction on ribs without a torch or gas stove
which side of the baking paper should face up ? 
very unusual kitchen tools
what ' s the best way to defrost ice-cream / sorbet quickly ? 
what role does alcoholic liquid play in cheese fondue recipes ? 
flat cookies when baking with milled grains
delaying fermentation in refrigerator
what is the difference between saute and caramelizing toppings ? 
good book on english / british cuisine
what is the difference between noodles and pasta ? 
which dessert fit a thai dish ? 
how to clean a "plastic" chopping board ? 
wok: carbon steel or cast iron ? 
what is crusty loaf bread ? 
can i freeze jalapeno peppers then use them for pepper jelly when my green peppers comne in ? 
why cleave chicken when making stock ? 
is it possible to determine if fish caught from fishing is safe to make into sashimi or sushi ? 
what is slow cooking and what it is good for ? 
white stains and stainless steel cookware
what kind of rice is used in chinese cooking ? 
why does rice expand by more than the liquid volume it ' s cooked in ? 
how to substitute canned apricots with fresh when cooking
does butter reduce perceived sweetness ? 
is "swimming in broth" a common cooking technique for pasta and broccoli rabe ? 
how do i replace sugar for golden syrup in a cookie recipe ? 
how to make the best of tough meat while camping ? 
how long to bake bread ? 
how should i store a cut bell pepper ? 
how to get instant pudding to come out smooth ? 
oil disappearing from pan
how to make modeling chocolate shiny ? 
shortening substitutes for pan greasing
substitute for coating ramekin in a chocolate souffl . 
making cream with almond milk and fat
what to order at a japanese restaurant ? 
nutrient impact of squeezing water out of frozen chopped spinach
concentrated yerba mate
mixing condensed and evaporated milk for fudge ? 
would using milk powder better than fresh milk when poaching ? 
doogh / ayran from scratch
does a home produce refrigerator exist ? 
how can i flavor my ganache ? 
how is mass egg-frying performed ? 
how does the carrot in deep fryer trick work ? 
how can i keep the cheese from leaking out of my cordon bleu during cooking ? 
why are drippings from restaraunt ground beef colored orange ? 
method to brew a large batch of iced tea without steeping in a plastic container
is it necessary to thaw bones before roasting for stock ? 
non-coconut substitute for coconut cream
safety of glues in wooden chopping boards
will roasting ginger root give it a milder flavor ? 
do i need to season an old cast-aluminum pan ? 
is it normal that i keep burning my seasoning off my cast iron ? 
how can i remove mold stains from a pan ? 
how to modify a quick bread recipe to add spice  /  tea flavors ? 
how to authenticate food products ? 
gas stove + wok vs .  induction top + skillet
how to make shelf-stable chocolate milk ? 
what is the purpose of adding oil to balsamic vinaigrette slowly ? 
bread: higher rise / coarser crumb
is there any advantage to resting  ( banana )  bread batter ? 
will newspaper covering a cake pan catch fire in the oven ? 
at what temperature will the fats on meat render ? 
why is my pastry blistering in the microwave ? 
difference between two cleavers - straight back vs curved
i followed the instructions ,  but my food still stuck to the wok
when cooking meats such as pork chops in a toaster oven ,  is it better to use butter or some type of oil to coat the pan ? 
how to thicken buttercream without adding more sugar
how to make my pasta less brown ? 
are special recipes needed to preserve using a pressure canner ? 
hominy grits versus masa harina
what are  ' quick cook '  beans ? 
what is the white powder on sourdough bread ? 
how much rice should i cook per person ? 
cinnamon rolls for a dessert crust
thawing haggis safely
how can i make fresh burger buns like hardees ? 
is there additional risk in cooking meat sous-vide from frozen ? 
does boiling water ,  instead of warm water ,  hurt the flavor of tea / hot chocolate
how to get ants out of bread loaves ? 
what is a pressurized filter ,  and should i use it for my espresso ? 
can i make fried chicken without a deep frier ? 
can a few bad  ( dead )  mussels harm a larger batch ? 
squeezing excess water from seaweed
when baking meatballs for a soup ,  do i have to bake until the meat is fully cooked ? 
are welded-handled stock pots safe ? 
what features should a food processor have in order to make nut butters ? 
tomato sauce turns dark / sweet
can i use yellow croaker for fish and chips ? 
what is the alternative to a vine ripened tomato ? 
what ' s the best way to clean a salad spinner ? 
are there any reasonable substitutions for lemon juice ? 
individually wrapped frozen steaks have thawed over 18 hours - are they safe ? 
should i warm wine in the microwave ? 
how to pair cheese with wine ? 
wedding cake questions for hot weather
pork safe to eat ? 
sous-vide chicken thighs - effect of temperature swings ? 
what german product is the equivalent of cream in a recipe from the united states ? 
what will the best ratio for cream : madagascar vanilla bean ? 
best method to prepare catfish  ( very soft flesh )  ? 
what temperature should a crock pot slow cooker cook at ? 
i have an unopened package of mozzeralla cheese that is a month past it ' s "best by" date ,  is it safe to eat ? 
what causes lemons to be bitter when cooked and how to avoid it ? 
ling ling potsticker sauce or similar
can you refrigerate unbaked quiche for baking the next morning ? 
adding butter to pizza recipe
how to fry rsti so that it stays together ? 
what should i use to produce the hotness of hong kong-style borscht ? 
cranberries taste bitter
what side effects should i expect by replacing cake flour with chickpea flour in all cookie recipes ? 
are rinsed out plastic milk jugs safe for storing water ? 
making southern style chicken in the oven
why are there so many different pasta shapes ? 
how do i diagnose and adjust my bread recipe ? 
storing raw cranberry
is it absolutely necessary to season a carbon steel pan ? 
mixture of ingredients has a bitter taste
why is my pecan pie always runny ? 
how do baking supply companies blanch their hazelnuts ? 
how do you make a cake with soft fillings baked inside ? 
how well do counter top knife sharpeners sharpen knives ? 
pickling peppers
how much oats to put in crumble topping ? 
turkish delight sauce or syrup
how to make a strong mug of filter coffee without any coffee machine ? 
can i keep canned peaches in the fridge if water got in during processing ? 
substitute for arborio risotto rice ? 
how can i cool down cooking oil after using it in a deep fryer ? 
soaking millet before making ogi
does an avocado seed help guacamole stay green ? 
cooking up onions ,  without oil
what oil to use when cooking a salmon ? 
how do i make bread with lots of seeds ? 
how to remove a smokey /  charcoal taste from food ? 
how to thicken garlic dressing
how can i make coffee with a minimum of equipment and maintenance ? 
gas stove burner
what can i do about excessive lime flavor in a pork roast ? 
halving spice mixtures
how to make soft popsicles
what differences are there between reconstituted dried mushrooms and fresh ? 
getting potato and turnip patties to hold together .  .  .  how ? 
cook time vs .  cook temp trade off
is it possible to get vegetarian grana padano cheese ? 
can i bake in a convection microwave ? 
what can i substitute for tomato paste to thicken a marinade ? 
does turning a gas stove on high move the heat to the outside of the pot ? 
how long will a shooter ' s sandwich keep ? 
cleaning a sieve
can i make cheese from old milk ? 
do nettles grow in florida ? 
my yakisoba came out bitter !  how can i reduce the bitterness ? 
what food dissolves in acid but not in water ? 
how to prevent chocolate from melting ? 
how to add banana flavor to my cookies ? 
substituting margarine for butter in cookies
how do you sharpen a serrated knife ? 
should i use olive oil in in baking ? 
how can i adapt rice cooker steamed fish to cooking in a pot ? 
how do you cook corn on the cob on bbq ? 
how to keep pasta hot ,  yet not sticky in crock pot ? 
what to use for chocolate flavouring ? 
how to effectively drain frozen vegetables ? 
how to prevent chicken from having a chalky texture ? 
how can i barbecue salmon steak ? 
chicken comes out salty .  .  .  occasionally
how to clean fresh champignons ? 
how to properly prepare a beef escalope  ( from the topside )  ? 
does storing meat in plastic alter how long it takes to go off ? 
what heat should i use to bbq red / green bell peppers ? 
silverfish in a restaurant
why did my tiramis cream become grainy ? 
how to salt and roast pistachios ? 
homemade truffle salt
how can i make posole "pop" faster ? 
how to add flavouring ingredients to steamed or boiled veggies ? 
beef and veggies in crock pot turn out hard and tough
what is the highest melting temperature of chocolate ? 
what should i do if power goes out while i am baking cake / cookies ? 
preserving hot peppers without damaging heat
could i possibly tell imitation lobster from real lobster ? 
how to scale chicken recipe that requires cooking in a single layer ? 
temperature and time to cook a 9" round frozen chicken pot pie
dry garlic in oil --> botulism risk ? 
is cooking with hydrogen peroxide an accepted practice ? 
can i substitute green cardamon for black cardamon in curry ? 
how long can i soak dried beans before they are considered inedible ? 
will chocolate eggs inside a cupcake melt when baked in the oven ? 
can one tell the different sources of dashi by taste ? 
what can i use instead of a tea towel ? 
what is the best way to go about developing and formulating a product ? 
alternatives suggestions to apples and bananas
how to make white aioli ? 
watery liquid on top of homemade yogurt
keeping a sauce from separating
bacon substitution
what temperature does the maillard reaction occur ? 
freezing a chicken in a bag
how to choose a bundt cake pan ? 
how do you get a nice yellow gravy color when making a chicken pot pie ? 
how should i deal with "thawed frozen puff pastry" ? 
is it safe to put frozen pork overnight in the microwave light without turning it on
is it wise to use an aluminum foil in the microwave ?  is there a substitute for the aluminum foil ? 
help first time making cookies
egg safety .  when to eat and when to not eat
why is my pizza dough always too sticky to knead ? 
how long will sealed chicken keep ? 
smoking pork shoulder in a little chief
difference in technique for cooking with non-stick and standard pans ? 
troubleshooting a souffl that collapses during baking
how do i best grill an artichoke ? 
island cheese - azorean  ( or portugese ) 
how do i tell the freshness of raw chicken ? 
is ground flaxseed an oil substitute ? 
can you put all-clad ltd2 in the oven ? 
are edible skins of supermarket fruits safe to eat ,  or are residues a problem ? 
how should i store leftover uncooked lasagna sheets ? 
how much salt does brining a turkey add ? 
kitchenaid pro mixer clicking noise
fresh herb storage
how can i use a large quantity of raw almonds all at once ? 
cooking over an open flame at home
how long can microwavable dinners containing meat and cheese be left out of the freezer for ? 
how can i prevent pork from becoming tough while being held at warm temperature ? 
breaking bad - glass frying pan
bacteria in maple syrup
when you try to "catch" yeast from the air: is it normal for the flour and water to split
arctic char available in north-america
when cooking pasta in salted water how much of the salt is absorbed ? 
emergency coffee via chocolate covered coffee beans ? 
non-beet alternatives to standard red food dye
could cheese "halt" the tenderness of cooking lentils ? 
what kind of peppers are used in gochugaru  (  )  ? 
pavlova roll failure
what qualities should i be looking for when making the best french toast ? 
coating meat in flour before browning ,  bad idea ? 
raw roast beef on the edge of safe ? 
how do i determine the cut of a pork steak prior to purchasing it ? 
